A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaad mooood.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey? A pouch potato.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
"This ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”"
"It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle."
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
MIlk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasterized before you even see it!
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
“Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.”
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist."
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
Did you hear about the girl who quit her job at the doughnut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
Have you heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mainly wrap.
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
"“I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.”"
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
"I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head."
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
"When a toddler reaches the ""why?"" stage, it's like opening a bottle of champagne—once it's uncorked, there's no going back."
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
"I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head."
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own set of scales.
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands."
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
"Clothes, but no cigar."
What do you call two dogs breathing heavily? A pair of pants
"Japan, Korea, and China go trick or treating. Japan and Korea receive candy while China gets opium.Britain was at the door.Credit to u/TheSnipenieer for the inspirational post."
Good thing I had a CVS receipt in my wallet... The men’s room was out of toilet paper.
What kind of cars do ghosts drive? Boo-gattis.
"I asked our security specialist, “How did the hackers get away?” Miffed, he shrugged and answered, “No idea. They ransomware.”"
Can you stop staring at my gf when she's breastfeeding at the mall???? When I'm thirsty I'm thirsty.
"My son asked me: ""would you sell me for a million dollars?!?"" I said ""never in a million billion years!!""He asked ""what about 2 million""I said ""are you kidding me?!? In this economy? Sorry little man"""
Why do squirrels live in trees? Because they’re fucking nuts!
"I’m glad # is not called pound anymore. Otherwise, the #metoo movement would be sending the wrong message."
Why did the horny rebellion only last two minutes? Because everyone came
Just thought of one but maybe borrowed. Always wondered why there's a lot indian doctors in gastroenterology. Let me go ask my friends Pooja and Harshit.
What’s a pirate’s favorite letter? Me: What’s a pirates favorite letter?Unwitting person just living their life: R?Me: R’s what you’d think but it’s the C they love!
"When I die I want to be cremated and my ashes spread on a beach. Because even when I'm dead, I still want to get into lady's pants."
"Three blondes are walking when they come across tracks. The first blondes says “I know these, they’re deer tracks!” The second says “No! They’re bear tracks” Finally the third speaks up and says “Your both wrong! They’re obviously fox trails!” They were still arguing when the train hit them."
Why do I always bring 2 pairs of pants when I go golfing? Because I always get a hole in one
What do you call an Italian transvestite? A grease trap.
"Son: Dad, why is destruction a form of creation? Dad: Well son, you see, I destroyed your mom's pussy to create your ass."
"Why do we tell actors to ""break a leg""? Because every play has a cast."
What did Silver say when it saw Gold walking across the street? Au!
"Owls: I do not know What, Where, When, or Why I only know who"
"After it was determined that dogs could not transmit COVID-19 to humans, the world health organization deemed that all companion pets could be let out of quarantine We really should have seen this coming, they told us WHO let the dogs out for years"
"What did the dollar say to the yen? You are so invaluable, it doesn’t even make cents!"
My neighbor’s yard is so vibrant and colorful. Good thing I switched his weed killer to MiracleGro.
"My Grandmother found and flushed my weed so, I hid her weelchair...... Now neither of us are rolling"
I have a masturbation addiction But I'm beating it
"A tough old rancher once told his grandson that the secret to a long life was to sprinkle a little gunpowder on his oatmeal every morning. The grandson did this religiously, and he lived to be 97. When he died, he left behind 14 children, 27 grandchildren, 34 great-grandchildren and a 15-foot hole in the wall of the crematorium."
I used to play triangle in a reggae band. I would stand at the back and ting.
What do you call a black and white cow? Moo-latto
Found a weird .exe file on your computer? Beware! Could be a set up.
I was walking along and I saw a guy fall into a nest of mosquitoes... ...it was malarious!
"What do you call a group of 500 atoms? A Refund.*This post is brought to you by ""Todd Howard did Nothing Wrong"" gang*"
"“Hey man, did your Geography teacher tell you what the newest US state is?” “ I don’t know, but Alaska.”"
"German tourist visits Poland Guy at the airport: Nationality?German dude: GermanGuy at the airport: Occupation?German dude: Nein, nein, only vacation."
"Teachers from other countries make fun of the US education system Sure, we don’t teach evolution everywhere, but I don’t see your countries volunteering to demonstrate natural selection in schools across the country."
Who's the only organization with a higher death rate than PETA? The Make-A-Wish foundation.
"Mother in law... Oh, I didn’t expect you at work today Mr. Brundy, isn’t it your mother-in-law’s funeral today?”“Well you know how it is.Work first, then fun.”"
Why is it better to smell roses and lemons than poop? It’s just plain common scents.
"Two gentlemen are walking through the West End on their way to a show. One turns to the other and says, “I have a feeling a large number of right-wing wazzocks are going to be there tonight. Trust me, you’ll see the... Queue anon."
I'm surprised the pandemic has lasted this long. I thought trump trusted doctors to fix his mistakes before they hit 9 months
Today I found a Youtube channel about moss They told me to lichen subscribe
Did you hear about the cocaine addicted improv actor? He was constantly thinking about his next line
I once saw a ghost made of chocolate and vanilla Ice creamed
Stormy Daniels should run for president If we're going to have an inept asshole in office I'd rather have a bleached inept asshole
"Me and my buddy Terrell went down to the library. Me and my buddy Terrell went down to the local library the other day.He said, ""I wonder if the have any colored printers.""I replied, ""Geeze, Terrell, it's 2021, use whatever printer you want."""
I got startled by my timer going off. It was alarming.
"Don't forget to tip your server, that's what they always say... But then I got fired from the Google Datacenter."
"What does a Japanese Soldier and a Actor have in common? When they get discovered, their career blows up."
When my Great Grandfather died they cremated his body but kept his toupee. It is considered a family hairloom.
"What does a stoner do when he sees a space man? He parks in it, man."
if Lays had invented air hockey it would be just air
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
My new sweater had a problem with static so I returned it. They gave me a new one free of charge.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
I can sum up 2021 in one word. Five
How do you tell the difference between a bull and a milk cow? It is either one or the utter.
What does a mobster buried in cement soon become? A hardened criminal.
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind - it's tearable.
Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn't stop telling jokes? It was on a roll.
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, 'This isn't working.' I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine! "
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. 
What do you call a belt made of watches?' 'A waist of time.' 
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap. "
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty. 
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap. "
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called. "
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
How does the moon cut his hair?' 'Eclipse it.' 
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school. 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.' "
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. 
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming. 
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm. 
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore. 
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it. "
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore. 
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian. 
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. 
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical. 
What do houses wear? An address. 
"It hurts me to say this, but … I have a sore throat. "
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
I once got fired from a canned juice factory. Apparently I couldn’t concentrate. 
"I remember as a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there. "
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised. 
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays. 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?' 'Pilgrims.' "
"My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point. "
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.' 
"Did you get your haircut?' No, I got them all cut. "
I was researching about Atheism. Turns out it’s a non-prophet organization. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square. 
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. 
"Siri,' I asked my phone, 'why am I so bad with women?' She responded, 'I’m Bixby, you moron.' "
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy! 
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
What do you call a hot dog on wheels?' 'Fast food!' 
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
What do houses wear? An address. 
I asked the librarian if books about paranoia were avaiable. 
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
"I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!"
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
"What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom."
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once."
"Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right."
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
What's Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
"I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any."
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
“Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.”
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
"Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right."
"I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old."
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst."
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
My neighbor got sued for a fire his grill started. He filed for an appeal when he lost and it ended up in a pellet court.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
"Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes."
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school.
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed."
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel."
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggy.
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth. He said it was acci-dental.
I don’t have a problem with most ancient gods and the like... but that Pan really gets my goat.
Why don't rabbits make noise when they're having sex? Cotton balls.
I feel sorry for kids who used to eat chalks and crayons when they were little. They must have dyed inside a little.
"I don’t like people who take drugs… For example, airport security."
What do you call a hacker stuck in his house after a winter storm? Edward Snowed-in
If Al Gore had his own drumming software company he should name it... AlGoreRythyms
"""do you believe in ghosts?"" **Me:** lol no— even my grandma says that's dumb""dude your grandma died 10 years ago""**Me:** what?!"
Ruth wasn't invited to the party. The people at the party were ruthless.
I still can't understand why my wife was disappointed with my choice of salad dressing I used the finest tuxedo!
what fruit is in the bathroom? a poop apple
Husband: How do you turn Alexa off? Wife: Walk around naked.
"A woman walked into the dentist's clinic very nervously and said, ""I'm scared. I'd rather have a baby than get a tooth pulled out."" ""Fine with me,"" said the dentist, ""but I'll have to adjust the chair."""
I discovered red crayons in my girlfriends nurse uniform. She said it's in case she has to draw blood.
"You stole my viola, cello, and double bass. You made me so angry, I'm violint now."
"Only in England. £800 fine if you are caught at a house party during lock-down.But reduced to £400 if paid early.If you catch covid at the party, the government willgive you £500 to stay at home.That's £100 profit.This country is absolutely fucked."
Why do teenage girls travel in odd numbered groups? Because they can’t even.
"My wife told me you've aged like a fine wine. More complex, more flavoursome, increased sweetness. Overall tastier But with more body"
Bet your bottom dollar... ...there's a coin up your ass.
Have you heard of the salad crisis in Hungary? The situation really needs a dressing!
Pedophiles are like televisions Even a three year old can turn them on.
"I’m a huge fan of foreign martial arts, so I went to Thailand for an MMA competition Somebody must have given me the directions to a local Star Wars convention instead because all I see are Thai Fighters"
Why does the brain experience so much anxiety? Because it’s part of the nervous system
"Three old friends, Joe, Bob, and Vick are sitting on a park bench. Joe says, ""Windy ain't it?""Bob says, ""Nah, it's Thursday.""Vick says, ""Yeah I'm thirsty. Let's go get a beer."""
Why was working in the butter factory such a high stress job? Because there was no margarine for error.
Why is a woman thru hiker like a hockey player? They both go three periods before taking a shower.\-- I was told this joke by a woman thru hiker while hiking the Pacific Crest Trail.
"Know why geese kill more humans every year than sharks? Because it's really hard for geese to kill sharks.Seriously though, fuck geese."
"Don't think that colour doesn't matter. Brown, yellow and black must be eliminated so that only white remains. It's the only way to reach victory. Said the snooker teacher."
There was a guy who was in a motorcycle accident and lost the whole left side of his body He’s alright now
"It's my cake day or something, Here's a dad joke :) A blind man walks into a bar,  And then a table,  And then a chair."
"I wanted to improve my physical affection skills, so I went down to the library and took out a book called “How to Hug”... ...You can imagine my disappointment when it turned out to be volume six of the Oxford English Dictionary"
"Nurse: Doctor, what is the medicine on this prescription? I went to 50 pharmacies still couldn't find one. Doctor: I was just checking if my pen work's."
"How does a chicken do their hair? With a comb, In one fowl swoop."
How do you call a Lada on top of a hill? A miracle.- -And how do you call _two_ Ladas on top of a hill?-Science fiction-  -But how do you call _three_ Ladas on top of a hill?-An interesting place for a Lada factory.
"A poll was taken by California Governor Gavin Newsom's office which asked whether people who live in California think Illegal immigration is a serious problem: 29% of respondents answered: ""Yes, It is a serious problem.""71% of respondents answered: ""No es una problema seriosa."""
"-40° outside sounds brutally cold, Fahrenheit or Celsius. My friend Kelvin just rolled his eyes."
Did you hear they are changing the Uncle Ben’s Logo? Everyone thought it was ricest.
"What do you call an 8 year old stuck in a closet? I don't remember, but the amber alert called her Mary."
"What did Barack Obama write inside his Valentines card? ""I'm glad I've got you Michelle; I didn't want to be Obamaself"""
"What did the carrot say to the cucumber that owed him money? Hey man, you knew the dill. Now you're in a pickle, and I couldn't carrot all."
Some crocodiles got together to write parody songs. It's a pun croc band.
According to latest news the current Governor of Florida used to own and run his own alligator farm. So not only does he have experience with horrible scaly reptiles he's also worked with alligators too.
"I was having an argument with the wife and she said "" When i married you, i thought ypu where brave""..... And i said ""So did i all my friends""..."
My New Year’s resolution is to stop using aerosol deodorant. Roll on 2019
"Kinky guys visits a prostitute and says surprise me She removes her left eye and tell him go fuck her in the eye socket. He does and it's the best he ever had.As he's leaving he tells her that he will certainly see her again. She responds. OK, I'll keep an eye out for you."
What do you call a cheese factory from the Middle East? Cheeses of Nazareth
What’s the best pickup line for a girl in a wheelchair “What’s up Hot Wheels”
"I bought two hermit crabs I put them in the same small cage, are they still hermit crabs???"
Have you heard about the rappers ghost writer going to jail He was behind bars
My 4 year old niece's unintentional dirty joke. Why did the fan blow itself? Because it was turned on!
In Australia they use kangaroo broth to make Marsoupial
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
"""Siri,"" I asked my phone, ""why am I so bad with women? She responded, ""I'm Bixby, you moron."""
What do you give a pig when it's poor? An oink-ment!
"I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger, but then it hit me."
I'm finally upgrading from 1080p to 4K in January. It's my new years resolution.
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, do you know how to drive this thing?"
Why did Karen press Ctrl+Shift+Delete? Because she wanted to see the task manager.
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
Why do cows have hooves and not feet? They lactose.
"If athletes get athlete's foot, what do elves get? Mistle-toes."
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician. 
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents. "
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate. 
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing. 
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom! 
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck.  
I used to hate facial hair…but then it grew on me. 
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.' "
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
Why is the letter A like a flower? Because a “b' comes after it! 
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account?' 'Prime mates.' 
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.' 
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up 
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner. 
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals! 
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
How do you make the number one disappear? You add “g' and it’s GONE 
"She looked up and whispered, “They’re right behind you'. "
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work. 
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!' 
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot. 
What do houses wear? An address. 
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.' 
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. 
I was addicted to hokey pokey…but I turned myself around. 
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.' 
Did you hear about the nurse who was chewed out by the doctor because she was absent without gauze? 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. 
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.' 
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used. 
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. "
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple! 
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue. 
"A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people—the student, his mama, and his pauper. "
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple! 
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. "
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins. "
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. "
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer. 
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree?' 'By its bark.' 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
"My wife said, “You weren’t even listening, were you?” And I thought, “that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.”"
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
She said I won’t be able to make it.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!"
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems."
"What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume."
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch.
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
"Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold."
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
What did the pepperoni say walking out of the hospital? I’m cured!
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
"I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet."
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
"I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one."
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits.
"Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right."
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
"My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That's ridiculous, I didn't even know it was today!"
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut."
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What did the exasperated man serve at his barbecue? Sheesh kabobs.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return."
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
Some one told me to leave my auto correct on I told them to eat my ash
My mom always said I was like a punctuation mark I am an exclamation mark when I should have just been a period.
Stephen Hawking was a master at the violin He had an adept understanding of string theory
"A hairdresser got put it jail for 9 years because he was drug dealing All this time, I've been coming to him and never did I know that he was a hairdresser"
I make rabbit tuxedos for a living. I'm a hare-dresser.
"Microsoft hires regardless of race, religion, or sexual orientation. It's a very PC work environment."
"Jesus calls to John And Jesus said ""John come forth and you will win eternal life!""But John came fifth so he only won a free dinner at Geno's Steak & Pizza."
What is the accepted currency in Australia? Outbucks.
"Me: I'll have a stack of 24 pancakes, please Waitress: That's a tall order!"
"My dad said he was going to set me up for life. Of course, I was excited by the idea. Until he blamed me for the murder he committed."
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
"An argument between a couple GF: I'm tired of you pretending to be a detective, we should split upBF: good idea, we'll cover more ground that way"
"I accidentally wore a red shirt to Target. tldr, I'm covering for Gary this weekend."
What do you call a kitten crying on the grass in the back yard? A lawn mewer.(I wrote this yesterday).
Uncle Ben A true credit to his rice
I got fired from my job at the marble mine today I kept taking it for granite
"As I put the car in reverse, I thought to myself: ""This really takes me back""."
"Husabnd and wife A man is reading his newspaper and says to his wife: “Michelle, look. Here is an article about how women use about twice as many words per day as men do.”  The wife responds: “That’s because we have to tell you everything twice”"
"I got stopped at the border and the guard asked me if I had any liquor, illegal guns or illegal drugs. I took him aside and asked him ""Whaddya need?"""
"Why do ships and aircraft have circular windows instead of square ones? So that if they break, water doesn't hit you square in the face."
"Interviewer: So what are your strengths and weaknesses. Me: I have a decent sense of humor but my General Knowledge is not so good. Interviewer: Ok, then tell us a joke.Me: Knock Knock.Interviewer: Who?Me: 2nd US President.Interviewer: 2nd US President who?Me: Like I said, my General knowledge isn't good."
What did the person with Alzheimer’s disease say? What did the person with Alzheimer’s disease say?
"What did Tupac say when he drove a steam train? *I didn't choose the chug life, the chug life chose me.*"
What is Jorah Mormonts favorite printer settings? Grayscale What is Jorah Mormonts favorite printer settings?           Grayscale
I got into an argument with a blind man. He just couldn't see my point of view.
I got in the way at the silo when they were pouring grain. I got all wheat.
"Joe biden enters the white house. Donald trump says ""you don't have the right to take the presidency from me!"" Joe Biden responds: ""perhaps not, but I do have the left!"""
"What sort of grades did Tommy Wiseau receive in school? Oh, high marks."
What sort of document do you have to sign before you can work in a convent? A Nun-Disclosure Agreement
"Wife: Hey, guess this ""What always increases, but never decrease?"" Husband: Your weight?"
"Secretary walks into the President's room Secretary: Mr.President, Hurricane Florence is causing trouble.Trump: Offer her the same deal as Stormy Daniels."
"A man wanted to marry his sister, but it was illegal in his state. So they bought a house and he installed a single stair out front.Putting a step in front makes it perfectly legal."
Reports of terrible flooding in Pakistan Authorities fear it was the work of a suicide plumber
I actually overdosed on anxiety pills a few minutes ago I’m not too worried about it
I recently bought some fragranced candles They cost me several scents
"I saw a mosquito flying over my head and i caught it Then, I took off its wings and I shouted to it ""Go Fly!""but it didnt fly.Conclusion: Mosquitoes go deaf when you remove their wings"
"Cardi B’s sister used to spy for the Russian government, but refuses to talk about it publicly They call her ‘Cagey B’"
"Joke by my 6 year old niece 6: Why did the chicken cross the road?Me:I don't know why?6: He didnt, he got hit by a truck!Still gets me 13 years later."
What does elephant and rabbit have in common? They both start with letter R if elephants name is Raul
Newton pushed against our understanding of science and math But science and math pushed back
Why did Dwayne ‘the rock’ Johnson’s family get tested for COVID-19 They couldn’t smell what the rock was cooking.
"Donald Trump and Michael Pence are having a race from the roof of a very tall building. They both decide to jump down, as it’s the fastest way down. Who wins? Society"
"A snail witnessed two turtles collide and have an accident. He was asked what he saw.... He said, ""I'm not sure, it all happened so fast."""
"The thought process of a wounded animal and a second grader on picture day is pretty similar, Show your teeth and maybe they’ll go away"
"I'm a fruit. If you take away my first letter, I'm a body part. If you take away my first and last letter, I suck. What am I? pear"
Did you hear the CVS receipt joke? Sit down and get comfy. It’s really long.
My neighbor shingled my roof for free He said it was on the house
"A couple friends and I are opening a chicken wings restaurant called the ""Right Wing Cafe."" We don't actually sell any wings, we just complain about other wing places."
"Who'd want to be Trump's security guard ? \- you shout ""Donald, Duck"" & everybody would just laugh"
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
How does a man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
My psychiatrist says I have an unhealthy obsession with revenge. We'll see about that...
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? Because it might crack up.
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble."
How do you handle a fear of elevators? You take steps to avoid them.
Her: I'm leaving. I am sick of you wearing a different t shirt every half an hour. Me: Wait. I can change.
How do you make an egg roll? Just give it a little push.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
"Not to brag, but I defeated our local chess champion in less than five moves. Finally, my high school karate lessons paid off."
I asked the librarian if books about paranoia were avaiable. 
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time. 
I was researching about Atheism. Turns out it’s a non-prophet organization. 
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
Sore throats are a pain in the neck. 
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
"Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark? ' I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian. "
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison. 
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
"Lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. "
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.' 
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.' 
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it. 
What's the best smelling insect?' 'A deodor-ant.' 
"I told him, 'I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.' "
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday! 
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 'I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.' The patient asks him, 'Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?' The doctor calmly looks at him and says, 'Nine.' "
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help. 
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family. 
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough. 
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming. 
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?' 'They're both Paris sites.' 
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care. "
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. 
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something. "
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!' "
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let’s make this interesting.' So we stopped playing chess. "
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around. "
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen. 
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician. 
My IQ test results came back. They were negative. 
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.' 
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime. "
"Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish. "
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. "
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s. 
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it. 
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
My wife told me to pick up 8 cans of soda on my way home from work… 
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them. 
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck. 
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness? "
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst."
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?"
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday. I can’t wait to see his face light up when he opens it!
“Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.”
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing."
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
A red and blue ship have collided in the Carribean sea. Apparently the suvivors are marooned.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
"I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn't concentrate."
"I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one."
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
How do you spell “candy” with just two letters? C and Y.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
"What do you put on a lonely grilled cheese sandwich? Provolone, but only if you have it’s parmesan."
“Whoever stole my depression medication — I hope you’re happy now.”
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
Why can’t Karens get anything done on a Windows computer? They keep summoning the Task Manager(Sorry: this came to my mind as I was getting frustrated with my slow computer)
"At 70, she still had a body like an hourglass Brittle and full of sand"
What is an Eastern European’s favorite food? Coleslav
2 electricians got into an argument.. It went on for 5 days.. they just couldn't find any common ground.Shocking.
"I baked a cake shaped like Canada, and offered my brother the Quebec slice.... but he's having Nunavut."
"My friend asked why I have a giant gong in my apartment's living room. I told him it's just my clock. He gave me a confused look, so I replied ""here, I'll show you"", and hit the gong really hard. It reverberated loudly throughout the apartment. Then we heard a voice through the wall: ""You asshole!! It's 3AM!!"""
Dad: I know of a perfect way to rob a bank. Son: What is it?Dad: It’s a place where people keep their money.
A man walks into a library and asks if there’s any books about turtles... Librarian: hardback?Man: Yea with little heads
Why did the Americans win the space race? Because the soviets were Stalin.
"I saw a man shovelling horse poo off the road, into a bag So I stopped and asked him why.He told me he was taking it home, to put on his rhubarb.Fair enough, but I prefer custard"
What do you call it when you’re shopping for new eyebrows? Browsing.
"You know how people say if you damage one sense, the others get better? Well if that's true I hope my friend hurts his hearing.Because then he'll get a  better taste in music."
"what do you get if you cross a poodle with a pit bull? not much of a watchdog, but it’s a vicious gossip."
Old but gold What is green and smells like pork?Kermit the frog's middle finger
Keith Flint failed his English at School. It was a really tough break because his final essay was excellent He just ran out of space
My date saw my bottom shelf tequila selection and made fun of me for being cheap and poor They were definitely cheap shots.
"Two guy friends are planning how to market their new product Friend 1: “Should I make a folded informative pamphlet that we can hand out to potential customers?”Friend 2: “Bro, sure!”"
What does the ghetto snowman call his friends? His snowmies
My wife has just given me a book with all the words that I'm not supposed to use when we argue.... It's called a dictionary.
"Offensive crayon ideas! Presidential OrangeMiscarriage MaroonPrivilege WhiteTravel Ban BrownLives Matter Black""I should have known better than to talk to him like that, these bruises are my fault"" Blue"
A new set designer was hired at the filming company. He was fired shortly after for making a scene.
"A Native American, Pirate, and Frenchman walk into a bar. The bartender walks over and says, ""Gentlemen, hau, arrrrrrr, oui, today?"""
We’re trying to come up with a plan to get my escaped helium balloon back. We’ve got some ideas. But it’s still up in the air.
I accidentally locked myself out of my bathroom. I'm pissed.
Why did the obtuse angle go to the beach? Because it was over 90°.
What's black and white and read all over? The newspaper.
"You have 3 months to spend 500 million dollars and get nothing in return, how do you do it? Run for president."
"Don't know if this has been posted here but let's try Little Johnny came home and ran to his mother.""Mummy! I was on the bus with Daddy and he made me stand up so a woman could sit down.""""Well...How kind of your daddy! You should learn from him."" Johnny then frowned.""I was sitting on Daddy's lap"""
A Mexican electrician accidentally touched a live wire. He suffered a Corona discharge.
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives
"If Britain leaves EU, how much space will be freed up? 1 GB"
I pranked my friend by coloring their face 3 different shades of blue in their sleep. huehuehue.
Why are a gorilla's nostrils so big? Just look at his fingers.
In Germany it’s frowned upon to manhunt people named Kyle It’s in poor taste to seek Kyle
"A manager of a food mart comes home after a long day of work. \*conversation at dinner\*Manager's wife: I've been wondering how you deal with all the people refusing to wear masks. How?Manager: Well, I manage."
"Despite CDC guidelines, there's no reason to worry about people not covering their noses with their masks. They're mouth-breathers anyway."
People still having large weddings during a pandemic must be huge Game of Thrones fans. After all a Dothraki wedding without at least 3 deaths is considered a dull affair.
Elon Musk has Tested his New Nerolink Brain Implant on Pigs No word yet if it has successfully stopped them from shooting black people.
What do you call a flying dinosaur that uses its hands to see? A tactiledactyl
You know the Middle East is about to go through a serious shitstorm when... ...commercial Oil tankers are attacked.
"Trump's Staff picked their favorite instruments and the choice was unanimous Lyres, all of them"
"The voices in my head are ok, I can deal with them… It’s the voices outside my head that bother me and fuck my life up…"
I go to the doctor and he asks for a stool sample. I pull out a small chair from my bag.   The doctor yells at me for wasting his time and kicks me out of his office.  I go home still not knowing why I'm shitting  furniture.  My nightmare continues.
"What's the difference between Jam and Jelly? Jam is made from crushed, pureed fruit and Jelly is made from fruit juice that gels when cooked.What'd you think I was gonna say? Get your head out of the gutter."
"I just got a dog who likes to play soccer and roll on the ground I decided to call him ""neybark"""
My 5-year-old niece's twist on an old pirate joke **Question:** Why did the pirate have trouble with the alphabet?**Answer:** Because his 'I' was all jacked up.*...she cracks me up*
"I turned to my wife last night I turned to my wife last night and said .......""I'm into anal"".She gave me a look of despair, glared at me and then said ""Animal"".I just love it when we do the cryptic crossword together!"
TIL of a knight who is as tiny as a sperm Sir Cum Sized
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle? Because his wife died.
What do you call someone that plays Tenor and Alto saxophone? Bisaxual
"A dad died due to us not being able to remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting that we ""be positive"", but it's hard without him."
"Should you have your whole family for Thanksgiving dinner? No, you should just stick with turkey."
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold.
What's ET short for? Because he's only got tiny legs!
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
"So a vowel saves another vowel's life. The other vowel says, Aye E! I owe you!"
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
Why don't crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
"Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks."
Why do demons and ghouls hang out together? Because demons are a ghoul's best friend.
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face? 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
Did you hear about the cheese that’s been working out? Dude’s shredded 
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you? 
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut! 
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?' 'Yellow!' 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants. 
What did the DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat? ' 
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around. "
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice. 
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. 
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.' "
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother. 
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.' 
Vin Diesel eats two meals a day. Breakfast and breakfurious. 
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada. 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. 
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring. "
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?' 'A satisfactory.' 
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. 
"A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'' "
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now. 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work. 
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada. 
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it. 
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves. 
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful. 
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex. 
    My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly. 
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines. 
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word. 
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!' 
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home! "
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.' 
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot. 
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake. 
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback! 
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump."
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
"My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That's ridiculous, I didn't even know it was today!"
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
"I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any."
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus."
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction.
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
"What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume."
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
An invisible man married and invisable women. The kids were nothing to look at.
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
"The past, the future, and the present all walked into a bar at the same time. It was tense."
I stole the punctuation keys from a Judge's keyboard yesterday. I'm expecting a long sentence.
"A man walks up to 3 women wearing potato sacks. How does he know which one is the prostitute? The one whose sack reads ""Idaho"""
"I told my drums, cymbals, xylophones, gongs, bells, and rattles players to play their part twice... ...but they didn't, so there are going to be re-percussions."
"If Rolex had an app on PC what would be Its file name? Rol.exeSorry for the trash pun, thought about it while walking in front of rolex"
What is squirrels's least favourite month? November
I tried to cheer myself up by having a pillow fight. Now I feel more down than I did before.
"I was applying for citizenship in Australia, and the interviewer asked, ""Do you have a criminal background"". I replied, ""No, is that still a requirement""."
"3 words, 17 letters. Say it, and I'm yours. Omelette du Fromage"
"Rarely, hikers of the Appalachian trail report seeing psychic grizzlies take control of their friends, who start foraging and looking for honey... Bear in mind, that doesn't happen very often."
"Pillow cases are just tiny duvets! Wake up sheeple, you're living with a pillow sham!"
"I've once fooled an entire class filled with future Doctors, Lawyers, and scientists... Of course they were all in Kindergarten so it wasn't hard"
"What happen at after you go to Jack in the box, Dairy Queen and Burger King? You take a royal flush."
A mushroom walks into a bar and sidles up to a stool. Bartender: “You’ll need to leave. We don’t serve your kind here.”Mushroom: “Why not? I’m a . . . fun-gi.”
What do you call medicine that you give to pigs? Oinkment
I went on a blind date. I saw this lovely girl and said to her are you Susan?She said are you Brian?.. I said yes I am: All exited..She said no my name is Sharon.
How do they make honey in the Middle East? From a shawarma bees
"If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, I'll kill him... ...with my bear hands..."
This morning I ran about 4.5 miles in just 17 minutes Why can't people keep their large size dogs chained???
What is an orange pith? It's what you get when you drink too much orange jooth.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.  It was pointless
A cemetery raises its costs and blames it on the cost of living Indeed a grave situation
I speak two different languages Formal and informal
What does a black rectangle have in common with the girl I met last night? >!you tap it once and it's gone!<
"There are serious injustices that have not been corrected in this world. For example, beating up a white guy will get you much more prison time than beating up a black guy.After all, Assault can get you up to 25 years, while impersonating a policeman will get you 5 at most."
What did the drug-addict writer say when his wife told him to come to bed? Let me finish this one line.
How does a penguin build its house  Igloos it together.
Which tree has the least amount of education? A lemon tree
I'm glad the short form of cockroach is roach and not the other way around. I dont think people want to hear 'There's a cock in my bedroom'
"A teacher asks her class what their favourite letter is. A boy at the back puts up his hand and says ""G"". The teacher says, ""Why is that Angus?"""
"Earlier today I saw a fish in a hospital waiting room going up to people and giving them medical advice. I said ""Oi fish, stop that, what do you think you're doing?!""He said ""Don't worry about it, it's ok... I'm the Sturgeon General""."
"Vladimir Putin goes to the Ukraine And the customs officer in the entry interview, asks him ""occupation?""""Vell, only if you insist "" he replied."
"What's the difference between a skillet and a person who asks celebrities invasive questions? One's a frying pan, the other is a prying fan"
farmer: how many cows got out? **me:** seventeen**farmer:** round 'em up**me:** ok twenty
"Sad news today, folks. Mr. Potato Head died. He had brain tubers."
"My parents are both mimes, but they’ve recently filed for divorce. They just don’t communicate."
I regret joining a band with a turkey on drums. He usually forgets his drumsticks so he has to wing it.
"Two friends were talking to each other in a bar... ""I bought my wife a diamond ring for her birthday!"", one man proudly exclaimed.""I thought you said that you were buying her a new car,"" the other questioned.""Yeah, but where was I gonna find a fake car?"""
"My dad gave up his job of being a late night radio DJ. He took up a new job as a railway construction worker. Talk about a career change, but I guess he just couldn’t give up his love for laying tracks."
TIL It takes men an average of 33 hours to complete a digestion cycle and women 47 hours. Guess women are the ones full of shit.
What is Alabama's population size? Family size.
What’s a squirrels favorite way to watch TV? Nut-flix!A joke my 8 y/o daughter made up this morning. Thought it was pretty good!
What position did Jesus play on his baseball team? Pitcher. He gave his sermon on the mound.
"Dad: [grabs chest] Quick! Call me an ambulance. Me: [hesitantly] You're... an ambulance.Dad: I'm- I'm so proud of you, son [dies]"
How did the crazy person get out of the forest? He took the psychopath!
How do you make a 4D printer? Just take a 3D printer and give it some time.
My family has been specializing in ventilator sales for over 40 years. I don't know why we've been getting so many creeps lately at our Only Fans store.
"When is was a kid, mum used to send me the shops wtih 50p. i could come home with a chicken, 2 pints of milk, 6 eggs, 2 packs of bacon and a comic book... You can't do this nowadays though because of CCTV."
"I was playing a zombie game, and sliced off a zombie’s left side. It scared my wife pretty bad. I assured her he’s all right."
Why do Swedish people love their country? Because they have Stockholm syndrome
Q: When did they find water on the moon? A: When it was waning!
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
A man walks into a pet store and asks for a dozen bees. The clerk carefully counts 13 bees out onto the counter. 'That's one too many!' says the customer. The clerk replies 'It's a freebie.'
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
"Niece: I have a lot of friends named Nathan, there's Nathan...(endless droning about nicknames). Me: When they are together, do you call them The United Nathans?"
"(Reversing the car) ""Ahh, this takes me back."""
"Did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut."
My wife said I was immature. So I told her to get out of my fort.
How can you tell by someone's home if they're a highway robber? All the signs will be there.
"If you spell the words ""Absolutely Nothing"" backwards, you get ""Gnihton Yletulosba,"" which ironically means...Absolutely nothing."
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?' 'In case they get a hole in one!' 
It’s brave to admit you have an STD. Always clap for those folks! 
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'What do you want?' The man says, 'Oh, just some fruit punch.' The bartender sighs and shakes his head, 'If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line.' The man looks around, but there is no punchline. "
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
"A brain walks into a bar and takes a seat. “I’d like some wings and a pint of beer, please, ' he says. “Sorry, but I can’t serve you, ' the bartender replies. “You’re out of your head. ' "
"I was in a grocery store when a man started to throw cheese, butter and yoghurt at me. How Dairy! "
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work. 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
"I’m starting a flight company exclusively for bald people, I’ll call it… Receding airlines. "
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either. 
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed. 
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, 'Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?' "
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable. 
How do you make 7 even?' 'Take away the s.' 
"Siri,' I asked my phone, 'why am I so bad with women?' She responded, 'I’m Bixby, you moron.' "
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness? "
What do you call Father Christmas in an orange suit? Fanta Claus. 
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints. 
"My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle. "
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered. 
The guy who stole my diary died yesterday. My thoughts are with his family. 
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?' 'No, but I'll wrestle you for them.' "
"I'll call you later.' Don't call me later, call me Dad. "
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
Just paid $200 for a belt that doesn’t fit! What a huge waist! 
Why does Sherlock Holmes love Mexican restaurants? They give him good case ideas. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.' 
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.' 
Why are piggy banks so wise?' 'They're filled with common cents.' 
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word. "
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero. 
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe! 
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work. 
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator. 
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy! 
What is the scariest tree? BamBOO! 
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother. 
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.' 
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot. 
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help. 
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa. 
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut."
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
Did you hear about the girl who quit her job at the doughnut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water."
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
In the beef army there was a soldier who always snuck up on the enemy from the left or right. He was a flank steak.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
What's Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
Did you hear about the hungry clock. It went back four seconds.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know i wouldn't get a reaction.
"I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming."
What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
"A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest."
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: 'sorry we don't serve food here'
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
Did you hear about the hungry clock. It went back four seconds.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
What's the difference between humans and a bullet? Humans miss John Lennon.
"I heard a rumour there is a remake of Brokeback mountain in the works starring women On the one hand im sick of all these remakes, on the other hand...Will be lotion."
Why did the kid in the wheelchair get bullied? He was easy to push around
"I showed up late for a Zoom meeting... ...when asked for a reason, I confessed: ""You wouldn't believe the network traffic""."
Just had an operation on my funny bone.... Doctor said I'll be in stitches for 2 weeks.
What do you call the game Operation without the batteries? Autopsy
Courtesy of my five year old son... What do you get when a turtle and porcupine have a baby? A slow poke!
"If you are debating whether or not to shovel your neighbor's driveway... Ask yourself, ""would they do the same for me?""If the answer is no, do it anyways out of the kindness of your heart.If the answer is yes, go back inside."
Our local cemetery is running out of spaces ... ...It’s a grave issue
How can you tell if a snowman is gay? The carrot’s in the back.
"I ordered some Avocado Toast at a cafe, but imagine my surprise when I was given 602214076000000000000000 pieces of toasts. It was then I realized... ...I'd accidentally ordered Avogadro's Toast."
How can you tell a girl ghost from a boy ghost? Boooooooobs!You’re welcome. Happy Halloween everybody!
Why don’t astronauts need health cover? Because they are never under the weather.
"If a person is sueing a product for blinding him/her in one of their eyes, they should win double the amount Because they are not gonna be able to see half of it anyway."
"They've recently discovered a brand new use for goats in Pakistan... They're calling it ""Milk"""
Do you know why giraffes necks are so long? Because their heads are so far from their body
"Europe is like a fridge You have the freezing cold part at the top  Then in the middle, you have cheese, cold meat, and a good drinks selectionThen down the bottom corner, there's just turkey and grease"
What rests on the ground between my feet and is covered in ants? My ice cream cone. =(*Inspired by actual events.
"I walked into the store and asked ""do you have any helicopter flavoured chips?"" The cashier says ""no , we just have plain""."
Why was the driver fired from the destruction derby? He was accused of wreckless driving.
Why was the cub shy after taking his shirt off at the pool? He was a little bare
I met a woman who said she was a huge Monkees fan She told me she had collected every piece of merchandise ever made for the band. I was skeptical. Then I saw her place...
I used to own a wheelbarrow full of four-leaf clovers... ...but then I realized I really shouldn't push my luck.
"So everyone is getting mad at me after telling jokes about marine wildlife I think it's a turtle over reaction. It just being shellfish and it's giving me a bad haddock. I mean, I don't do them on porpoise..."
"“Finally, I caught them all”, said Ash as he walked out of the STI clinic"
I ordered my ex wife food she hates and had Uber Eats deliver it... Because revenge is a dish best served cold
"Breaking news! Due to heavy storms, all the rivers in Egypt are flooding. The citizens of Cairo are still in denial"
What is Alabama's population size? Family size.
My son came to me & said: 'Can I have a book mark?' 14 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Jeff
What's the difference between Hitler's girlfriend and a female farmer? One bails her hay and one hails her bae.
"Bruce Wayne became a surgeon. Whenever he carried out a surgery, he always asked the nurses to turn the lights off. This was extremely dangerous and unusual, so the nurses asked him why.He said, ""I operate in the shadows"""
Why were all the ladies checking out the dentist at the night club? Because he was flossin’...Buh dum tisssss
Chinese takeout: $8. Tip :$2. Getting home and finding out that they forgot part of your order: riceless.
I just finished installing a 5G mast for the local area when this crazy lady runs out of the house and starts throwing bizarre accusations of how 5G is hurting people's health and what monsters we telecoms guys are. What a screwball! 4G must've fried her brain.
"I told my actor friend to break a leg... .....but, I'm not worried, he'll have a supporting cast."
Me and my childhood crush are marrying next year Hers is in February and mine in July
"A couple is hiking when they see a set of tracks... ""Look"" says one, ""a father and his kids are on this trail.""  The other asks ""how do you know it is the father?  It could be mom.""""Nope.  Definitely the dad...see the Pa prints?"""
What happens if a redneck bakes himself into a loaf? He's inbread.
"When a physician was asked if his new diet of pizza and crepes for COVID-19 patients was working He said, ""I don't know, but that's the only food we can get under the door."""
"Breaking News: Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan and North Korea to send a joint expeditionary force... ...to Washington D.C. in order to bring peace, democracy and the rule of law to the troubled nation of United States of America."
"I never understood couples bragging about trying for kids. You say ""yea we have been trying for a child for months now""I hear ""Yea I've been doing HUGE Cum dumps in her pussy for Months. No luck yet"""
The Tortoise challenged the Hare The Tortoise said “race you home!”The Hare began sprinting. The Tortoise retracted into his shell.
"Zimbabwe's currency is so devalued... That rapper ""50 cent"" is known as ""40 billion dollar"""
Did you know about that samurai who committed harakiri ? He had no guts ....
My mates works on the railway. He does maintenance or maybe engineering....Something along those lines anyway.
"It's been some time since I saw any good event What do you mean, Don't you wear a pair of eye-glasses  So?  Don't you see a SPECTACLE every day?"
This is a top secret message This is a bottom secret message
"I was born by c-section and I turned out fine. Of course, whenever I park my car I have to climb out through the sun roof."
"How do you spot a leopard? You don’t, they come that way"
What do you call a spider that has its left legs on the right side and right legs on the left side A daddy wrong legs
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater."
Why can you never hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.
Why is sand so optimistic? It has a can-dune attitude.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
"My dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. He kept insisting we ""be positive,"" but it's just so hard without him."
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit.
"Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: ""Does this taste funny to you?"""
I was researching about Atheism. Turns out it's a non-prophet organization.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom! 
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves. 
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5. 
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe. 
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. 
"Can February March? No, but April May. "
What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed. 
How do you make the number one disappear? You add “g' and it’s GONE 
How does a hurricane see? With one eye. 
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer! 
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out. 
How do you make 7 even?' 'Take away the s.' 
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised. 
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?' 'Where's Pop Corn?' 
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.' 
"Teacher: “There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool. ' Johnny: “So, what are the words? ' "
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball. 
Why do balloons hate Ed Sheeran concerts? They are afraid of pop music. 
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a 'Get Well Soon' card. "
Q: What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A: A large fortune. 
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear. 
"Q: If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? A: Missile toe. "
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them. "
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something. "
"What did the ocean say to the beach?' 'Nothing, it just waved.' "
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s. 
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them) 
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi. 
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends. 
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed. "
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me. 
"Dad, can you put the cat out?' 'I didn't know it was on fire.' "
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring. "
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed. 
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please. "
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs. 
Who is the most lonely billionaire? Alone musk. 
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago. 
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.' 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
"As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “You know one would have been enough.”"
What did the exasperated man serve at his barbecue? Sheesh kabobs.
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
“Whoever stole my depression medication — I hope you’re happy now.”
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body."
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggy.
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care."
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
What do you call a line you wait in to buy a grill? A Barbe-Queue.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
"“What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.”"
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
“Whoever stole my depression medication — I hope you’re happy now.”
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Can I watch TV? Yes but don't turn it on.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
"My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!"
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
"I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head."
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
"You can't spell par entry without ""try."""
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright."
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring."
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems."
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
"Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash."
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
"I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head."
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life."
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"Madam, we brought your husband. He is very drunk,every time we lifted him he fell again. Wtf, where is his wheelchair?!"
I heard wired connections are faster... So I poured some coffee on my router and now it's even slower...Do I need another java update?
My new year’s resolution is I’m gonna be less condescending. (Condescending means talking down to people btw )
"I thought I'd make a joke about fencing but then I saw the rule about ""no ripostes"""
Did you hear about the shooting at the Dyslexic makeup factory? It was a total mascara.
What do you get when you combine a parrot and a shark? Something that talks your leg off.
"$50k in hair extentions was stolen from a downtown hair salon, Police are still combing the area for clues."
Have you heard of the new thing called a shovel? It's groundbreaking.
I have a friend who always speaks his mind and thinks with his gut.
"I used to sell security alarms door to door, and i was really good at it. If no one was home, i would just leave a brochure on the kitchen table."
"What's a pirate's least favourite letter? Dear Sir,We’re writing to you  because you’ve violated copyright ..."
What did the shirt say to the pair of pants? Wassup Britches?
What did the skunk do with all their love letter? They scent them.
"I hope someone comes across this distress signal Damn it, I used the wrong flare"
What is the best country for retired runners? Iran
People still having large weddings during a pandemic must be huge Game of Thrones fans. After all a Dothraki wedding without at least 3 deaths is considered a dull affair.
Top joke in my second grade class this week: Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall? To make up for his miserable summer.
What do you call 26 letters chipping in to make a big gamble? An alpha bet.
"A German man visiting France He's stopped at customs. The officer asks him, ""Name?""""Hans Muller"" replies the German.""Occupation?""""No, just visiting this time."""
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
"I’ve never tipped a cow. But, then again, I’ve never had one serve me drinks or a meal."
Neighbor rang on my doorbell at 3AM My neighbor rang on my doorbell at 3am. Can you believe it!? Luckily I was still up playing the drums.
Tiger Woods wanted to play at The Masters..... But everyone knew he’d have trouble getting past the turn.
Genie: You have two wishes left Me: I wish the letter G was the letter P insteadPenie: And your final wish?Me: I wish that every E at the end of a word was an S insteadPenis:Ms: Nics
"I've been trying to learn to play solitaire, but I can't finish a single game! You'd think it would be easier, since my deck is already missing six cards."
Did you know that Andrew Rea's made a reaction channel? Cringing with Babish
The creator of the Sham Wow: A true rags to riches story.
I have heard that self deprecation is the highest form of comedy Too bad I'm not funny.
"Can't take a vacation.. \- I can't go on a long vacation because of my work. \- Oh, I'm sure they can manage without you for a week.\- Exactly! That's what I don't want them to discover."
I don't understand why people pay for things with exact dollar amounts... ... It makes no cents.
"Apple and Fifty Shades of Gray are popular for the same reason ... ... they both offer the fantasy of being dominated by a rich guy, who pushes the boundarys of what you though you were into."
Why was Hitler so surprised when he lost the war? Because he did Nazi it coming.
Tomato paste is pretty viscous I guess it’s not very fast paste
"Must be strange being Tiger Woods; Getting to hear, ""Morning, Woods!"" all the time!"
"This really hot chick in my apartment complex told me she wants us to be ""friends with benefits"". Does anyone know where I can purchase a group health insurance plan?"
"A man on the street was trying to sell me a ""slightly used"" television... ""How can a television be slightly used?"" I inquired""The old lady that owned it, she was blind in one eye."" he said"
China should have a cricket team. They can take out the whole world with one bat
"Guy A signs up for a haircut promotion where he pays a one time fee of $100 for unlimited haircuts, whereas Guy B said no to the promotion. Why does Guy B feel so much pain every time he gets a hair cut? Pay Per Cut."
"A few weeks ago I ordered a box to store my money and a set of speakers online. They arrived today, safe and sound."
"A woman goes to a butcher and says ""I'll take some pork chops and make them lean""""No problem"", the butcher replies. ""Which way"""
I've realized that Children are like farts You don't mind them when they're your own But everyone else's are disgusting.
"3 months since I had COVID and I’ve still got very little sense of taste. Sometimes I just find myself settling down on the sofa, opening up Netflix and sticking on Friends"
I needed an emergency tire change. I asked what the hourly rate was. I was relieved when they said it’s a... ...Flat Fee.
"How do they call elevator in China? Well,on a button like everywhere else in the world"
I opened a fresh loaf of bread and found a baseball card wedged between two slices. It was a Catcher in the Rye.
Wednesday and Thursday were named after the Norse Gods Odin and Thor... And if you really enjoy facts about Norse Gods then today is your Loki-day!
"Son: ""What's that Daddy?"" (*pointing at Mummy getting out of the shower*)... Daddy: ""That's where mummy was hit by an axe, that's her axe wound.""Son: ""Wow, bloody good shot, got her right in the cunt."""
"Roses are red, Cellos are brown Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down ;)"
What do you call an argument among Trump's staff? Clash of klans.
My coach told me to bring out the tiger in me during our football game. I didn't want to waste any of my favorite frosted flakes cereal.
"Q: Did you hear about the square that got into a car accident? A: Yeah, now he's a rect-angle!"
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough.
Did you hear about the ATM that got addicted to money? It suffered from withdrawals.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Why didn't the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space!
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What is it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick.
What kind of tea is hard to swallow? Reality
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.' 
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space. 
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.' 
What do you call a zombie who cooks stir fries? Dead man wok-ing 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. 
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it. "
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up. 
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen. 
What do you call a flying priest? A bird of pray. 
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! 
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered. 
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up 
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything! 
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.' "
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight. 
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.' 
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it. "
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI. 
What has more letters than the alphabet?' 'The post office!' 
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough. "
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account?' 'Prime mates.' 
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down! 
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems. "
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer. 
When does a joke become a “dad joke? ' When it becomes apparent. 
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. 
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean 
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends. 
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
"One friend complained to another, 'All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.' 'If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?' asked the second friend. 'I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.' "
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.' 
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.' 
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.' 
"At the job interview, they asked me, 'Where do you see yourself in five years?' "
A steak pun is a rare medium done well. 
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea. 
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie? 
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.' 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it. 
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
I’m thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it’s only holding me back.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
"My daughter just shrieked at me, “Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?” What an odd way to begin a conversation."
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
What has five toes but isn't your foot? My foot.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!"
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
Did you hear about the girl who quit her job at the doughnut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
"Two hats were hanging on a hat rack. One said 'You stay here, i'll go on a head'."
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids.
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
Have you heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mainly wrap.
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
A slice of apple pie costs $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, “Is it to scale?” I replied, “No… It’s to look at”"
I wasn't going to get a brain transplant. But then I changed my mind.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
MIlk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasterized before you even see it!
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
Imagine if you hit your alarm clock in the morning and it hit you right back That would be truly alarming
"How many animals can you fit in a pair of pantyhose? A couple calves, an ass,ten little piggies,a beaver,a shit load of hares,and a fish that no one can seem to find!"
"In order to attract women I like to use this quote from Shakespeare’s Hamlet, Act III, Scene IV, line 82. ""Hello."""
What did a cheating snail say to his slug wife Sorry but i love Michelle.
"Two gentlemen are walking through the West End on their way to a show. One turns to the other and says, “I have a feeling a large number of right-wing wazzocks are going to be there tonight. Trust me, you’ll see the... Queue anon."
What was the governor of North Carolina criticized for responding to Hurricane Florence so quickly? Because women don’t like premature evacuations
Evangelists don’t need health care. They’re on the single prayer system.
What sort of biscuits fly? Wee plain ones.
My new year's resolution is to stay out of shape Maybe I won't stick with this one either.
I’m going to open a gold-plated fasteners company It’s going to be called Au Nuts
What’s the best way to catch a squirrel? Climb up a tree and act like a nut
6ix9ine would be a great crime scene investigator I’ve heard he’s great at identifying blood
I couldn’t follow the storyline of Stephen King’s “It” Too many Maine characters.
"My mother in law is Spanish My mother in law is Spanish, so when we named our son 'Muchos' it really meant a lot to her."
"Fun fact: You can’t breathe correctly while smiling Just kidding, I made you smile :)"
What do you call a human with a lot of patience? A doctor!-original joke invented by me (I hope at least someone gets it)
Yo mamma so hairy She gotta comb her wrist to see what time it is
"Whenever I get jury duty, I never make it through jury selection After all, no one wants a hung jury"
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself  It was two tired.
"TIL On May 25th 2001, a blind man named Erik Weihenmayer climbed the top of Mount Everest... When asked how he feels, he said ""I'm gonna kill that fucking guide dog of mine!"""
Why can't a nose be 30.48 centimeters? Because then it would be .3048 Meter!Some jokes just don't translate well.
I wanted to make a joke about people that do drugs But that’s where I draw the line
Everyone knows Communists make the best bread Its so good they're willing to wait hours in line for a single loaf!
What do motivated tires say? We move.
Biology tell me you're 70% water. Physics tells me that you're 99.99% empty space. Chemistry tells me that you're 60% oxygen. But I'm telling you that you're a 100% CUTIE!!!
"I'm making a killing selling home security systems... All I do is say ""Hello"" at 3am, sitting on the end of their bed."
"I mixed up the temperature units when doing my Physics test As a result, I got an absolute zero."
The f in orphan stands for family wait
"I used to illegally give weed to my prize winning cows, but I had to stop. The steaks were too high."
"Superglue comes with a warning: ""Caution - Instantly bonds skin."" But a whole shipment got out with a misprint: ""Caution - Instantly bonds kin."" That's how I ended up marrying my first cousin."
"Zeke, the bank manager, was dismissing his accountant... ""I don't know what the world is coming to, isn't anybody honest?"" He asked. ""Where were you educated?""""Yale,"" replied the young accountant.""Such a grand university - what is your name?""""Yim Yohansen"" replied the accountant."
Why were dragons called rappers during ancient times? Because they used to spit fire.
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
I didn't make it at the sandpaper factory boss said I didn't have enough Grit
I once dumped a cross-eyed chick. Thought she was seeing someone else.
What do giraffes paint? Giraffiti
The only way to access the contents in a bottle... Is to decapitate it.
Did you hear the joke about the two helium atoms? He He
Did you know turtles have the ability to understand puns? I wish they would have tortoise that in school.
What do you call a masturbating bull? Beef Strokeitoff
"Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me."
"Did you know that a giraffes neck is strong enough to support the weight of a human climbing on it? Anyway, I got banned from my local zoo today"
"I was right there when God got tired of drinking Michelob... He said: > Now, let there be Lite."
Dataminer? Thats illegal They are too young to date
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Donald Trump? Bill fucked fewer people in the Oval Office.
"Probably a repost, however: Yesterday I ate two peices of string and they came out tied. I shit you knot!"
Was at a “Capital One Cafe” and asked the waitress for her phone number. Oh NOW they start guarding personal data.
"I'm recovering from surgery, and my doctor said I couldn't lift more than ten pounds. I haven't been able to use the bathroom by myself in a week."
I've taken up guessing the weight of Dogs by holding them in my hands over lock-down.... ...I picked up a few pointers this morning!
"In Colombia, kids have built a snowman. The police guessed snowman's value at approximately $400 million."
"Knock knock! Who's there? Boo. Boo who? Don't cry, I'm not that scary!"
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
What's the leading cause of dry skin? Towels
Why is a doctor always calm? Because they have a lot of patients.
"If towels could tell jokes, I think they'd have a very dry sense of humor."
What do ghosts use to do their makeup? Vanishing cream.
Why did the can-crusher quit his job? Because it was soda-pressing.
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-naaaa.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him.
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?' "
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something. "
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
"In a freak accident today, a photographer was killed when a huge lump of cheddar landed on him. To be fair, the people who were being photographed did try to warn him. "
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. 
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! 
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1 
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them. 
"Lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. "
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.' 
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending. 
I’m finally upgrading from 1080p to 4K in January. It’s my new years resolution. 
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but graphing is where I draw the line. "
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out. 
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
My wife told me to pick up 8 cans of soda on my way home from work… 
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards.ME: …And? 
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable. 
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel. "
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.' 
The guy who stole my diary died yesterday. My thoughts are with his family. 
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important. "
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue. 
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs. 
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line. 
"Finally my winter fat has gone… Now, I have spring rolls. "
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot! 
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space. 
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory. 
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 'I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.' The patient asks him, 'Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?' The doctor calmly looks at him and says, 'Nine.' "
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean. "
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes. 
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece. 
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a Roman Catholic. 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
SpongeBob may be the main character of the show. But Patrick is the star. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick. 
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help. 
"When a toddler reaches the ""why?"" stage, it's like opening a bottle of champagne—once it's uncorked, there's no going back."
"Two hats were hanging on a hat rack. One said 'You stay here, i'll go on a head'."
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
I fear for the calendar. It's days are numbered.
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
"My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That's ridiculous, I didn't even know it was today!"
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
"""Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia."" Man: ""Wait! I can explain everything!"""
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
I decided to sell the vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust!
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner."
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts!
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
What genre are national anthems? Country.
"I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. “Which ear is it?” he asked. “2018,” I replied."
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
"“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes."
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough."
An invisible man married and invisable women. The kids were nothing to look at.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head."
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
I told my dad he had to quit smoking. When it came to his health we just couldn’t brisket.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
"A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest."
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
If you’re up at night while the cows are asleep in the field that means it’s pasture bedtime.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel."
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
I brought a date to the 4th of July party... ...really sweetened up the fruit salad.
Shelly sells seashells down by the seashore Shelly got chlamydia.
"My son can only see in shades of beige, Doctors have diagnosed him with colour-blandness."
How do you compliment a Venezuelan girl? Tell her she looks like a trillion bucks.
"A kid walks out in a Tortoise costume,why are you wearing that costume?” Mother: why are you wearing that costume?Kid: I’m going to that costume partyMother: isn’t that next year?Kid: yeah, but I’m a Tortoise..."
"I wrote an article about ""The top 10 worst places to stick a fork""... The 5th one will shock you!"
"Excuse me, does this restaurant serve crabs? Sit right down sir. We serve everybody."
How do two tiger sharks mate? I don’t know. They’re fucking underwater
Why do Nature Valley Granola Bars make good trail food? Because they go fucking-everywhere! When you eat them.
"I'm a fruit. If you take away my first letter, I'm a body part. If you take away my first and last letter, I suck. What am I? pear"
Did you know when you flip a canoe over you can wear it as a hat? It's cap-sized
"Two goats are married, living on a farm. Billy Goat says, ""I really want children. Let's make some babies."" Betty Goat responds, ""Hell no. No baby goats for me..."" ""I'm not kidding."""
"I bought 2 Chainz' latest album, but it was the censored edition. It's easily one of the best instrumental CDs I've heard in a long time."
"My wife's friend had a baby... She posted a picture on Facebook and my wife commented ""Aww, what a little angle."" I replied to my wife's comment ""Ya, she's pretty acute.""I felt like a tremendous nerd for even thinking of a geometry joke, but ya..."
"An accountant opens up their spreadsheet, only to find all the numbers missing. Their cat is sitting by the desk, looking smug. I dont know why they're so suprised, cats are good at knocking things off tables."
"A man named his children second, minute and hour, and thus he was nicknamed father time One day, they was all in their house and a robber burst through the front door and said, 'nobody move!' When recalling the event, second said, it was like time stood still'"
"A robber pulled a gun on the bank clerk and manager saying, “Give me all the money! I need it to set myself up in a trade or profession. You know, initial investment is needed to cover the overheads until my cash flow is established.” The bank manager said to the clerk, “You’d better do what he says, I think he means business.”"
"A Dachshund and a Labrador are walking together when the former suddenly unloads on his friend. “My life is a mess,” he says. “My owner is mean, my girlfriend ran away with a Pomeranian and I’m as jittery as a cat.”“Why don’t you go see a psychiatrist?” suggests the Labrador.*“I can’t. I'm not allowed on the couch.”*"
Someone threw a beer at Trump at Indianapolis NRA convention. He's fine. It was a draft so he dodged it perfectly.
You know what the scientists always say to build up resistance to distractions and channel nature Ohmmmmmmmmmmmm
What sort of dice has its opinions formed by preconceived notions? A prejudice
Why didn't the saxophone get fired from his teaching job after multiple accusations of sexual assault? he was a tenure sax
My parents are rich... Edit: I’m rich and I need a shovel.
"A lamb, a drum and a snake fall off a cliff Baaah dummm tssssssss"
"So, I went to the doctor... She asked ""What brings you here today?""I replied ""My car.""And then she looked down at the form, shook her head, checked a box, and commented under her breath: ""Not sexually active."""
"With the second lockdown looming, I saw a man purchase 3 crates of San Miguel, 2 bottles of tequila, 6 bags of paella and a sombrero. I think hispanic buying."
Im sexually attracted to pillows I sleep with one every night
"By tightly securing our Nuclear Arsenal through human, digital, mechanical and chemical means, we've been able to almost completely eliminate the risk of nuclear warhead explosions due to accidents or hostile attacks, however if these past four years have taught us something ... ... it's that we also need to equip our nukes with child locks."
2 electricians got into an argument.. It went on for 5 days.. they just couldn't find any common ground.Shocking.
"Chester was really happy, he was about to meet the Queen. He had been a physics prodigy hailing from a small town in England, and had just been selected to be Knighted by the Queen of England.After the ceremony, his best friend remarked to him:""Man, Chester, you Knighted!"""
Fred: he was dressing up as a ghost and scaring people away from the old fun park **cop:** that's actually not illegal but tell me about the talking dog
"Donald Trump runs into a bar The bartender asks ""hey buddy, why are you all sweaty? Did you ride your bike to get here?""  Donald replies ""No. Iran."""
What happens when your uncle’s wife tells you a joke? It becomes an anti-joke.
I found a way around the Chai niece sense or ship [Not removed]
So I went to Iraq for holidays... And I found out that my girlfriend cheated on me back home...  Knowing that I can't trust anyone I wanted to kill myself.  So I called the suicide hotline...  They got excited and asked me if I can drive a plane.
"The police were called to a crime scene. They found a woman with a bloody golf club in her hand. Her husband, covered in blood, on the floor.She screamed ""My husband. What have I done?""Cop ""How many times did you hit him?Wife "" I don't remember. Put me down for a six"""
Why do movie companies hire fisherman? Because they're great at casting
"I absolutely love and admire the unintellignt, overweight, yellowish-orange skinned man with the bad combover covering his baldness who has had his finger on the nuclear button all these years... Wait... I was talking about Homer Simpson, who did you think I meant?"
"Heard this ADhD joke a while back. A man walks into a bar with a penguin and a foul-mouthed parrot and somehow wins a bet or something. Sorry, I guess I wasn't really paying attention."
The photophobiac's power just went out. He is delighted.
"Today my son asked, ""Can you lend me a book mark?"" I immediately burst into tears.12 years old and he doesn't know my name is Brian."
"True story. Chicago-area preschool teacher teaching remotely today because of the storms. Her dogs started barking like crazy, interrupting the Zoom. She looked out her window and told/apologized to the class that the shovelers were there. 4 year old classmate replies, “Wow, your shovelers sound like dogs!”Been laughing at that one all day."
Did you hear the one about the roofer with a perfect safety record? He never had a shingle accident.
"I asked a linguist, ""I'd like to speak to my cat. Can you teach me how?"" ""For starters,"" she said, ""the h is silent."""
my wife got mad at me after picking out baby names... she like it for the first week then it clicked for her... i said Peter Brian Johnson for a baby boy and Veronica Jessica Johnson for a baby girl...
"Best Man Speech ""My speech today will be like a mini-skirt.  Long enough to cover the essentials, butshort enough to hold your attention."""
What do you call a new mitten manufacturing company formed by a U.S. senator? Bernie's Handers.
What do you call a pig who just lost at a game of tug-of-war? Pulled pork
"A honey bee lands on a flower but is quickly kicked off by the spider living there. Perturbed, he flies away and lands on a different flower... It was a cross pollination."
My law firm specializes in grain futures contracts. Barley Legal
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
"My wife kicked me out because of my terrible Arnold Schwarzenegger impressions. But don't worry, I'll be back."
"I signed up for a marathon, but how will I know if it's the real deal or just a run through?"
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter.
Why did the pirate walk the plank? His dog was back on land.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Her: I'm leaving. I am sick of you wearing a different t shirt every half an hour. Me: Wait. I can change.
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs.
When does a tailor need to go on vacation? When they seem stressed.
"What did the ocean say to the beach?' 'Nothing, it just waved.' "
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. 
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed. 
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates. "
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable. 
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight. 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. "
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, 'Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?' "
"Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.' "
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’. 
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe! 
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me! 
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there. "
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him. 
"I begin to read a horror novel in Braille. Something bad is about to happen, I can feel it. "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.' 
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet. 
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.' 
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used. 
I asked the librarian if books about paranoia were avaiable. 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. "
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa. 
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face? 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
What do houses wear? An address. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick. 
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI. 
What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed. 
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it. 
"It hurts me to say this, but … I have a sore throat. "
I had a fun childhood. My dad used to push me down the hill in old tires. They were Goodyears. 
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys. 
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space. 
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle. 
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed. "
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.' 
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring."
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…"
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
Where do fish keep their money? In a river bank.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
"Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog."
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them."
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
"How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor."
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?"
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? “Supplies!”
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?"
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
What happens when you light a match in the boy's locker room? *KABOOM!*
What do you call a Mr Potato Head who rules a country with a violent autocracy? A Dick-Tater.
"I bought a new deodorant yesterday. The instructions said ""Remove cap and push up bottom"" It hurt like hell, but my farts smell great."
Where Do Sheep Go For Vacation The Baahamas
Did you hear about the road made of body parts? They call it the Organ Trail
"On my visit to Chicago, the weather forecast said it was muggy. The forecaster was right. I went outside and someone stole my shoes."
There are a lot of scams on the internet... For a low price of $69 I can show you how to avoid them.
Having an argument in a relationship is like going to a rock concert It starts with the new stuff but ends with the old hits
My family was so poor when I was a kid... We could only exchange glances at Christmas!
"I read an article on internet.... and it said that 3 of the most common hereditary diseases in the world are- diabetes, hemophilia and infertility."
Why did Lamar Odom give Kobe Bryant a dollar? Because Lamar Odom
"What's the difference between Gordon Ramsay's favorite dish and a slow running computer? One is a Rack of Lamb, the other is a Lack of RAM"
Why where there two dudes in a ambulance Cause they were a pair-a-medics
"If I had to smell like two things for the rest of my life, I'd pick lavender and citrus. But that's just my two scents."
"Sean Connery was arranging the books in his personal library when the wooden plank gave away and all the books fell on him.. His maid rushed to the scene and asked "" are you alright, sir ?"" Sean : ""it'sh ok..I only have my shelf to blame ."""
Why doesn't Santa Claus have to worry about catching COVID-19? Because he has Santa-bodies.
Why can't contractors shoot each other with sealant? Because caulk fighting is illegal.
"After finishing my meal, the waiter gave me the dessert menu. ""Can I ask you something?"" I said.""Certainly,"" he replied.I said, ""Why did you just eat my food?"""
Fowl Play Where do orphaned chickens and turkeys end up?Foster Farms
What is the most philosophical book? The dictionary. It provides the meaning of everything.
I was at a restaurant and a cute waitress was flirting with me. She gave her email and told me to hit her up sometime. I tried to email her the next day but the internet was down. I couldn’t connect to the server
What disease are anti-vax kids immune to? Adulthood. I hope this isn't taken.
"A kangaroo hops into the bar, the bartender, says ""sorry we're closed"" The kangaroo says, ""I thought you needed a bouncer""*Ba dum tiss*"
"I think everyone is wrong about President Bolsonaro of Brazil. The man's obviously a deeply committed environmentalist... After all, wiping out a sizable part of your population is a great way to save the rain forests."
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
What did the skunk do with all their love letter? They scent them.
"My new year's resolution is to do less drugs No wait, _fewer_ drugs—it's to do fewer drugs"
Did you hear about the cargo ship that sunk while shipping food? Apparently there was a leek in the boat.
February is Eczema awareness month.... I am raising money by selling scratch cards.
What gaming projectile was thrown by John Barrowman’s “Doctor Who” character to pass the time while he was traveling along the Congo River? The Dart of Harkness.
I've quit my job at the helium factory. Nobody talks to me like that!
What do you call a snowman that plays piano? Meltin' John
When I successfully invade Canada and they offer me lands in a peace treaty... I’ll take Nunavut.
"Mark and his friend Michelle go to a costume party. When they show up Michelle is clinging to Mark's back. Someone greets them and asks what they're supposed to be. Mark says that he's a snail. The other guy asks ""who's on your back?"" Mark replies ""Michelle"""
Reddit has gone fully green to help the environment. Their front page is made of 100% recycled material.
Why do cows wear bells around their necks? Because their horns don't work.
"A group of girls named Karen, Jane and Ruth often hang out. What are Karen and Jane like by themselves? Completely Ruthless"
"A Horse Walks into a Bar A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Hey fellow, why the long face?”The horse, incapable of understanding the English language, shits all over the floor and leaves."
Which course did Hillary Clinton select when playing Mario Kart? The short circuit
My teacher said “we have the ability to clone we just don’t know what kind of rights they should have.” I simply replied “copyright”
"Hermaphrodite asks a doctor about the best way to become pregnant. After recommending a specialist the hermaphrodite responded ""I have already tried a specialist, but they told me to go fuck myself""."
A friend of mine had an idea for a subscription box that came with everything you needed to make something akin to Pita bread but softer and made with yogurt... I had to tell him it was a naan-starter...
"The biology teacher asks Johnny if he can describe what a specimen is? Sure teach, a specimen is an Italian astronaut!"
"A group of dyslexic men form a soccer team When they got down to the name of their team they went with ""Dyslexia untied"""
What's a James Cagney love scene? When he lets the other guy live.
"What is the difference between an American health care worker running out of PPE, and a Russian healthcare worker running out of PPE? At least the American doesn't need a parachute too!"
How do you trip an alarm? It doesn’t have any feet.
How do you annoy a Pink Floyd fan? Play their music on shuffle
"When we have self-driving cars, I’m pretty sure . . . my wife will complain about its driving too."
A dad joke my science teacher told me a long time ago: Why are bacteria so bad at math?Because they multiply by dividing.RIP Miss Henn. Miss her lots.
Monsters are campaigning for a national holiday. They want to call it Fangs-giving.
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn't work.
"I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head."
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
"A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, ""I'll serve you, but don't start anything."""
"""Knock, knock."" ""Who's there?"" ""Ayatollah."" ""Ayatollah who?"" ""Ayatollah you already."""
Why did the traffic light turn red? You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street.
What does a house wear to a birthday party? Address.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
"What's the difference in how you cure bird flu and swine flu? If you have bird flu you need tweetment, if you have swine flu you just need oink-ment."
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines. 
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a Roman Catholic. 
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology. 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest? "
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.' 
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.' 
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time. 
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’. 
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical. 
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian. 
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia.' Man: 'Wait! I can explain everything!' 
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream. 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.' 
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.' 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised. 
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean 
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you?' 'An iWitness.' "
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean 
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key. 
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!' 
"I named my dog “5 miles.' So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.' "
"I named my dog “5 miles.' So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.' "
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. "
What do you call a mom who turns into a dad? Transparent. 
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once. "
What’s Whitney Houston’s favourite type of coordination? “Hand eeeeeyeeeee……' 
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?' 'Walking. JK! Rowling.'  
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!' 
"Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad. "
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y. 
"Siri,' I asked my phone, 'why am I so bad with women?' She responded, 'I’m Bixby, you moron.' "
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems. "
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi. 
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space. 
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades. 
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
"Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?' No sun. "
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste.
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
What did the blanket say to the bed? I’ve got you covered.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
"My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. ""Sure,"" I said. ""My door is always open."""
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
I fear for the calendar. It's days are numbered.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
What's Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Did you hear about the girl who quit her job at the doughnut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved."
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows
"“I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.”"
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”"
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
"Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
How do you spell “candy” with just two letters? C and Y.
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!"
What did one piece of tape say to the other? Let’s stick together.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
"Teacher : ""Now, children, if I saw a man beating a donkey and stopped him,what virtue would I be showing?"" Student : ""Brotherly love""."
"My 6 year old daughter just said to me.. ""Dad, don't you find it inherently dishonest when people fabricate a false narrative using children to make the underlying message more humorous?""I dunno what she talking about. Kids, eh?"
"Sex Position #189 ""The John Wilkes Booth"" (NSFW) You blow a load on the back of someone's head in a movie theater and try to escape before you get caught."
"Mom finds a large number of BDSM magazines beneath her sons bed. Calls her husband up to the room to show him and discuss.""What do you think we should do?"" she asks.Father frowns and responds ""Well I guess spanking him is out of the question"""
How do you know the tooth fairy is a journalist? They're always searching for the tooth.
"During a business meeting yesterday, someone asked me about my background. So I told him about my education, career, family, hopes and dreams. Turns out he was asking about what was behind me on our Zoom call."
"Legendary composer Jim Steinman has died at the age of 73... One of his biggest hits was ""Dead Ringer for Love"" a duet by Meat Loaf and Cher. Making the video for the song took weeks, as Cher's working hours were strictly regulated due to most of her being under 18"
Damn girl are you a pink Himalayan salt lamp? Cuz this clearly isn’t working and I still feel like shit when I’m around you.
"I was tanning on the beach with my son. After a while, he looked at me and said, ""You're look like a lobster.""""Uh oh, do I need some sun tan lotion?"" I asked.He said, ""No, you're just really ugly."""
"when i was growing up. our tv had a bunch of channels My favorite channel was ""Broil"""
"Carp is about to hit the fan. That's right, I'm going fishing in a helicopter!"
There's a new website that hosts videos of people playing brass instruments. YouTuba.
What rock group has four members that can't sing or play instruments? Mount Rushmore
"LPT: After a bad break up, do 10 things that your ex would never do with you. You'll feel better and realize how much of yourself was being held back. She would never do a threesome with me. Is it possible now"
"What's the difference between legal and illegal marijuana? One comes from the farm, other from the pharm"
Why Do Accountants Make Good Lovers? They’re great with figures.
I'm writing a musical about a rag-tag team of Breitbart columnists standing up to the mainstream media elites. It's called Fake Newsies.
What do they call an extra-large bottle of lube in Alabama? Family size
I had to buy our dog flowers because I accidentally called him our old dog’s name.
"There was a birch tree and a beach tree next to each other and a small tree growing in between. The birch says, oh, that is a son of birch. The beach tree says no, that's a son of a beach. They argue back and forth a while before seeing a woodpecker. They decide to let the woodpecker decide.... ....Well,  it this a son of birch or a son of beach? The woodpecker says, "" It is in fact neither a son of birch Or a son of a beach. This my friends,  is the best piece of ash, I have ever stuck my pecker in"""
An Indian family went into self quarantine after eating lunch at their English friend’s house as they couldn’t taste anything.
"Sean Connery had fallen on hard times. His work had completely dried up. Then one day out of the blue his agent rang and said ""Sean, I've got a job for you. It starts tomorrow, you've got to get there early, for 10'ish."" Sean frowned ""For 10'ish? But I havent even got a racket!"""
Why do you use a cart to golf instead of a car? Because you'll need a tee
Did you hear about the two silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie.
What is it called when Bart buys an Only-fans account? It's called a Simpson
Anthony Scaramucci [removed]
"A father looks at his son after losing his first tooth. “Now that you’ve lost your first tooth, son, what have you learned?” “Never interrupt you again while you’re talking”"
"I asked my Hindu friend whether he plans to evacuate for Hurricane Florence. He said, Na-ama-ste."
What are a kidnapper’s favorite shoes? White Vans
my brain is like an overclocked cpu it runs 2000 fps for a couple seconds then melts
Best way to vaccinate the masses Train all of the Amazon drivers to give it. Everyone will have it by Saturday. Thursday if you have Prime.
"So a navy man returns to his ship after a night in port. The next morning he's shocked to find everyone speaking Russian... Whoops, wrong sub."
What is a Russian's favorite month? Soviet march.
What do you call your grandmothers husband? Grandmotherfucker
I thought I spilled coffee all over my keyboard. My keyboard still works fine except one key. The spill was under control.
"Fun fact: You can’t breathe correctly while smiling Just kidding, I made you smile :)"
Robert Kraft doesn't always have a use for massage parlors. But sometimes they come in handy.
I know why this entire country has gotten so cold. It's because Trump stopped blowing hot air that kept all of us warm.
I accidentally broke two of my dad's Queen CDs. Now I want to break three.
"The creator of Arby's was a pirate. He was walking one day thinking of a name for his new restaurant, until he got stung by a bee and shouted ""Argh-bees!"""
Somehow it looks like Robert Kraft will get away with his little massage parlor incident... This isn't the first time he got off...
"Got fired from my new job at the dairy factory for making 1% milk the wrong way... ...instead of following the directions exactly, I just skimmed them."
As a child I had a disease that required me to eat dirt three times a day to survive. Luckily my older brother told me about it.
You might be a redneck if... You keep swiping right on your Ancestry DNA matches
One wind engine asks an other: What music do you like? The other one answers: I'm a big metal fan.
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common? Their last big hit was the wall.
What do you get when you mix a turtle and female genitalia? A clitortise
"A man enters a crowded ER after having lost a toy up his anus. The doctors are swamped with more urgent cases but the triage nurse sends the man to an empty or and tells him that he’ll be performing his own operation. A doctor comes up to the nurse and says “how do you expect that man to know how to perform such a complex procedure?” The nurse says “Oh, I’m sure he’ll finger it out”."
My friend who was new to the internet asked me for a link to a translator When he received it he told me 'this is the link for r/jokes'I replied 'yeah everyone there's currently translating jokes from many languages '
"Just walked past a sign that read, ""This fire door is alarmed""... So I give it a little rub and told it everything is going to be ok."
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
"What did one eye say to the other? Between you and me, something smells."
What is a ghost's favourite yoghurt flavour? Boooooooberry
"Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother... Sudden Lee."
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you? An iWitness."
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
I wasn't going to get a brain transplant. But then I changed my mind.
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel! 
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything! 
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.' 
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck.  
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake. 
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
"Just look at that couple down the road,' a wife told her husband. 'He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?' 'Are you insane?' he responded. 'I barely know the woman!' "
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake. 
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?' 'They're both Paris sites.' 
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. "
I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. Thats how I lost my job as a bus driver. 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.' 
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador. 
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable. "
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed. "
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!' 
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.' 
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him. 
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper. 
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician. 
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, 'When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.' 'Oh yeah?' the son retorts. 'Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.' "
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.' "
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder. 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.' 
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.' 
What does a bee use to brush its hair?' 'A honeycomb!' 
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted. 
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.' 
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. 
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic. "
I used to hate facial hair…but then it grew on me. 
"I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find was 401 matches… "
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake. 
Shouldn’t the “roof ' of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? 
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie? 
"A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here. ' "
How does the moon cut his hair?' 'Eclipse it.' 
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust. 
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
"I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
Five out of four people admit they’re bad at fractions.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
"Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right."
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
"I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn't concentrate."
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice.
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
What do houses wear? An address.
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
What’s the best kind of bird to work for a construction company? A crane.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
"I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it."
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
"I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a grape."
I decided to sell the vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust!
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggy.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
"You can't spell par entry without ""try."""
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
I told my dad he had to quit smoking. When it came to his health we just couldn’t brisket.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
"My wife said, “You weren’t even listening, were you?” And I thought, “that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.”"
Posting about Covid-19 on the Internet..... Seems to have gone viral.
What kind of beer do Canadians get when they head towards the bathroom. IPA
I dont understand why they say cancer is so hard to beat I'm already on stage 4
"Blind man walks into a shopping mall Picks up his lead dog by the leash and starts spinning over his head. Security: ah, sir, what are you doing?Blind man: nothing, why? Just looking around."
I actually have to see a specialist for daily sex. I mean dyslexia.
My grandson Edit: please go easy on this joke - my 15 year old daughter made it.
"How do you get a Michigan girl into an elevator? How do you get a Michigan girl into an elevator?Grease her hips, and throw in a Twinkie."
When I was in college I went to a fortune teller and she told me that if I stay in school and get my degree I will be making a ridiculous amount of money Turns out she was right! Now I work as a crossing guard.
"Mick and Paddy are reading head stones at a nearby cemetery. Mick says,"" Crikey! There's a bloke here who was 152!""Paddy says, ""What's his name?""Mick replies, ""Miles, from London."""
North Koreans believe they live in the best country in the world because they’re brainwashed by the government and the media When every American knows that America is the best country in the world.
Why did Jesus never play hockey? He was always more of a Lacrosse guy.
"The editor rejected my book, he said my metaphores are incomprehensible... I'm sad as a coconut.Due to popular demand, **EDIT**: metaphors*... Freakin' grammar nazis... On a second thought, maybe grammar also played a role in my rejection, who knows..."
What does a dyslexic zombie say? Brians
"Did you hear about the villain who was charged with trying to flood the city? He denied everything, but the police found substantial levy dents."
What is a ghost's favourite exercise? Deadlifting
What dinosaur is a writer's best friend? Thesaurus
What’s the difference between this joke and a nudist soaked in food coloring? One is nude in dye and the other died in new.
"I opened my GIF file and there was something wrong with it. The computer screen became blank and the GIF came to life. The man from the GIF rushed toward me , said something and sprinted out of my room He said ""I'll be back in a GIPHY"""
This morning I ran about 4.5 miles in just 17 minutes Why can't people keep their large size dogs chained???
"A Statistician is playing darts The first dart veers wildly to the left. The second dart veers wildly to the right. The statistician exclaims, ""bullseye!"""
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
Ireland Did you hear about the Diseased Colony in Ireland that stole everyone's money?.......It was a Leper Con.
What kind of Aircraft is into Men and Women? A Biplane.
"Girl, are you the secant of angle Z? Cuz you sure are sec(Z)"
Why did the crab cross the road? It didn't. It used the sidewalk.(This was a joke my teacher made)
Why was the polar bear relaxed when watching TV? Because he found a cool channel
What are some good conversation starter jokes you can think of? Just some light jokes with bit of humor . Nothing too dark.
I wanted to major in reverse psychology. My dream school turned me down.So I wrote them back and told them I wasn't even interested in their stupid program. They sent me a diploma.
"At the zoo I noticed a slice of toast in one of the enclosures. I asked the keeper, 'How did that toast get into the cage?''It was bread in captivity' she replied."
You know what they say about bathrooms... That's where shit goes down.
Joe Biden is not my president. I didn't vote for him!!! No seriously guys he's not my president. Im from Nepal. I didn't vote for him.P.S. Congrats US for taking the first step towards undoing the 4 years of chaos.
What do you call a canadian enchilada? A centimeter-alada
"The Inca people were one of the few who ever mastered hunting with owls, much like traditional falconry. Legend says they learned calls to communicate with the intelligent birds, even to the point of planning attack strategies ahead of time. And that's where we get the term Inca-hoots."
"A guy walking down the road ,comes across a farmer. This farmer has boxes upon upon boxes of peaches, in the middle of nowhere mind you. The guy, buys a few peaches and asks the farmer, “what do you do with this massive amount of peaches”The farmer replies ‘well we sell what we can, and what we can’t we can.’"
My neighbour has put up a fine mesh barrier between our properties. I think it's a fence sieve.
What is Jorah Mormonts favorite printer settings? Grayscale What is Jorah Mormonts favorite printer settings?           Grayscale
Second Amendment The Second Amendment of the Constitution affords me the right to wear short sleeve shirts to work.  The right to bare arms.
"A Polish police officer pulls over a German tourist. Officer: Good day, license and registration, please.The tourist gives his license and registration to the police officer.Officer: What is your age?Tourist: 31 years old.Officer: Occupation?Tourist: No, just visiting."
Someone told me to go back to my own country So Iran
I was banned from the airport last week Apparently security doesn't like it when you call shotgun while boarding the plane
"Last night, a thief stole the flight of stairs I need to climb to get into my 3rd floor apartment. That's messed up on so many levels!"
My dad asked how is the letter a like a flower because a “b” comes after it
My teacher wanted me to come up with a set of steps that we could use to save the environment... So I created an Al Gore-ithm.
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse
"My farmer friend used his stimulus to buy baby chickens. He got the money for nothing, and the chicks for free."
"It's my cake day, so better post a joke about cakes... Why couldn't the Teddy bear finish his birthday cake? Because he was already stuffed...Sorry, I'll do better next year - definitely Muffin that I will repeat again!"
Why did the tiny fruit farmer move to Minnesota? He was Mini-apple-less!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
Why did the Mexican take Xanax? Hispanic Attacks
I think my wife has started to show the first signs of Alzheimer's disease She says she doesn't remember what she ever saw in me
What vegetable is kind to everyone? The sweet potato.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
"""Sorry, I was all up in your grill about cooking yesterday."""
Which U.S. state is famous for its extra-small soft drinks? Minnesota!
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
"I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find."
Why did the cashier rip money in half? They were asked to break a bill.
"My dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. He kept insisting we ""be positive,"" but it's just so hard without him."
I just got a promotion at the farm. Now I'm the C-I-E-I-O.
I was kidnapped by mimes once. They did unspeakable things to me.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning. 
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. 
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos. 
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic. "
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
"I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house… but the kids still get in. "
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes. "
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!' 
"What did the ocean say to the beach?' 'Nothing, it just waved.' "
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable. 
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean. "
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
Q: What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A: A large fortune. 
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
"Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish. "
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. "
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.' 
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake. 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?' 'Pilgrims.' "
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'What do you want?' The man says, 'Oh, just some fruit punch.' The bartender sighs and shakes his head, 'If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line.' The man looks around, but there is no punchline. "
What religion are crows? Birddism. 
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?' 'Traffic jam.' 
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door. 
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans. 
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?' 'Walking. JK! Rowling.'  
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it! "
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet. 
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off. 
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy. "
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door. 
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. 
"Can February March? No, but April May. "
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?' 'Sofishticated.' 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere! "
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space. 
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen. 
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos. 
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.' 
My psychiatrist says I have an unhealthy obsession with revenge. We’ll see about that… 
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.' 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. "
What do you call a pony with a sore throat?' 'A little hoarse.' 
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.' "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.' 
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you. "
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
I fear for the calendar. It's days are numbered.
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I’m coming down with something.
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner."
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
"Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
"We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story."
Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom.
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
"My wife said, “You weren’t even listening, were you?” And I thought, “that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.”"
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I’m coming down with something.
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed."
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
Five out of four people admit they’re bad at fractions.
"If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?"
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
My neighbor got sued for a fire his grill started. He filed for an appeal when he lost and it ended up in a pellet court.
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
Did you hear the story about the haunted lift? It really raised my spirits!
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
"Have you heard the joke about the butter? I better not tell you, it might spread!"
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now."
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
"My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That's ridiculous, I didn't even know it was today!"
What do you call a line you wait in to buy a grill? A Barbe-Queue.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
I tried to make up a joke about ghost but I couldn't. It had plenty of spirit but no body.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
It’s significantly harder for athletes to perform in todays temperatures I’ve read in the newspaper that the Government has forbidden fans at sport events
They're coming out with a Dragon Ball Z for old people. It's called Draggin' Balls Z
"Yesterday, I changed a light bulb, crossed the street, and walked into a bar. My life is a joke"
What did the teddy bear say after blowing out the birthday candles? No thanks I’m stuffed!
My brain is like a government computer It's slow but it has lots of information it definetly shouldn't
I heard Tiger Woods has been hitting the gym lately Been crushing legs
"Did you hear Mike Tyson was just arrested for nearly beating a Pizza Hut waitress to death? As he was finishing eating, she asked ""Hey, mister, you wanna box for the rest of your pizza?"""
"A manager examined a job application, then turned to the applicant and said, ""For a man with no experience, you are certainly asking for a high salary."" *""Well, the work is much harder when you don't know what you are doing.""*"
This is the first year I’m not going on vacation to Paris because of covid. Usually I don’t go because I can’t afford it.
Why did the horny rebellion only last two minutes? Because everyone came
I ordered a second-hand deck of cards from a casino. After four weeks they still hadn’t been delivered so I rang them up to see what was going on.They told me they were still dealing with my order.
I think my brother is actually my step brother Apparently everyone I played call of duty with fucked my mom
"The United Kingdom is to provide special support to those self-identify as gnomes, fairies or pixies... It'll be known as the National Elf Service."
"200 IQ baby Father: “Say Daddy”Baby: “Mommy”Father: “No, say Daddy”Baby: “Mommy”Father: “Fuck you! Say Daddy!”Baby: “Fuck you”*Mother arrives home*Mother: Honey, I’m back! How’s the baby?Baby: “Fuck you”Mother: “What?! Who taught you that a... read more"
"9 months from now there will be a baby boom. 13 years later will give rise to the next generation, known as Quarenteens."
What do you call a Muslim eating a lettuce? Saladin
"Why does the physicist call everyone when they're stressed? Bc with a series connection, the voltage is divided."
"Doctor walks into a bank to make a deposit.... Teller says, “Can you sign the deposit slip please?”.Doctor reaches into his pocket and brings out a rectal thermometer.  He looks at it and then shakes his head.  “Aw crap” he says, “some asshole’s got my pen!”"
What’s the similarity between skid marks and my uncle? you can find both in my boxers
"How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs? None, reports say he fell"
What do you call a boy who finally stood up to the bullies? An ambulance. An ambulance.
"There are only two instruments mentioned in the Bible Trumpets and saxophones when they mention the ""wailing of the damned"""
What did the Indian woman say to her car when she locked it up for the night? Tata
I used to be a motorcycle courier... Man those things are heavy..
Events on Capitol Hill have gotten pretty dark Any darker and the police might actually do something about it
They should put more wine in a bottle.... So there's enough for 2 people.
"One of my friends is writing a book about the speech patterns of prison and the criminals inside In other words, the prose and cons of jail"
"Went out for dinner. After my meal, my waiter asked me how I found my steak. I said ""I looked for my baked potatoe and there it was."""
"A customer walks into a bank... ...and tells the cashier: ""Good morning. I've come to pay the final installment on the loan used to buy a baby stroller""Cashier: ""That's wonderful. And how is the baby doing?""Customer: ""I'm doing alright, thank you."""
What did Cinderella say while reading Biology? I hate Mitosis
"Both a surgeon and a tattoo artist have to have a steady hand, With the surgeon it's the difference between life and death, with the tattoo artist it's the difference between a beautiful mermaid and a fat bitch with an fish up her ass"
"A young bear cub was roaming the jungle . An animal he had never seen before comes strolling out of the trees. He asks "" excuse me what kind of animal are you?"" The animal replys"" well,  I am a tiger"" The bear acts suprised and says "" are you sure?       You don't look like a tiger."" The tiger says "" Do you think I'm a lyin?"""
"My idea of holding a summer vacation school to help kids with severe ADHD failed. Do you think it's because I called it a ""Concentration Camp?"""
I had a fight with my erection this morning I beat it single handedly.
What's the worst number to mention in the morning for a Brazillian? 7-2-1
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie on it.
"This is a joke about the shirt you are wearing right now. It probably went over your head, didn’t it?"
"What did the Russian man say when he lost internet connection? ""internyet!"""
Fred: he was dressing up as a ghost and scaring people away from the old fun park **cop:** that's actually not illegal but tell me about the talking dog
How do you beat a diabetic rapper in a rap battle Candy Bars
"What is Santa's favourite letter of the alphabet? O, O, O!"
Why did the A go to the bathroom and come out as an E? Because he had a vowel movement.
Where do programmers like to hangout? The Foo Bar.
Last night i opened my window and let all mosquitoes in. Then i slept outside. This is called confusing the enemy
What's a four letter word ending with 'K' that means intercourse? Talk.
"A man walks up to a woman in a bar and asks: madam, would you sleep with me for 1 million dollars? WOMAN: yeah, sure.  MAN: How about for 10 dollars?  WOMAN: 10 dollars? What kind of woman do you think I am?!  MAN: We've already established what kind of woman you are, now we're just negotiating the price."
I've tested positive for needing a fucking vacation
"Can you name the 3 NFL team's mascots that start with the letter ""F""? The Falcons, the Fourty-Niners and the F***ing Dolphins!"
"My great grandfather have a heart of a lion, eye of an eagle, and.... A lifetime ban from the zoo"
"My crazy stepmom kept knocking on the mall's doors until the lockdown was over. Unfortunately, she has now been released."
How do you tell if a vampire is sick? See if he's coffin.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun had gone. And then it dawned on me.
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
"What did one Dorito farmer say to the other? ""Cool Ranch!"""
What do you call a man who can't stand? Neil.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
I tried to catch some fog. But I mist.
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins. "
"Lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. "
"I told him, 'I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.' "
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better. 
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump. "
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?' 'A meltdown.' 
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap. "
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. 
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.' 
When my wife is depressed I let her color in my tattoos. She just wants a shoulder to crayon. 
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll. "
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing. 
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean. "
"Lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. "
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed. 
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. 
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.' 
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.' 
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero. 
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.' "
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast. 
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! 
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke. "
What do you call a zombie who cooks stir fries? Dead man wok-ing 
"One friend complained to another, 'All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.' 'If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?' asked the second friend. 'I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.' "
I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight. 
What do you call bears with no ears? B. 
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it. "
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. 
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, 'This isn't working.' I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine! "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.' 
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?' 'Traffic jam.' 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it! "
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean. "
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.' 
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards.ME: …And? 
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch. 
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya! 
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos. 
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!' 
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. 
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space. 
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus. "
What’s the easiest way to burn 1000 calories? Leave the pizza in the oven. 
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
"My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. ""Sure,"" I said. ""My door is always open."""
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
What did one piece of tape say to the other? Let’s stick together.
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know i wouldn't get a reaction.
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
What do you call a man wearing a rug on his head? Matt.
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents."
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
"What's pink, wrinkly and hangs out my underpants? My mother."
Why did the cows go to the Marijuana field? It was the pot calling the cattle back. In honor of 420.
"How come when a video of a squirrel putting a nut in a dog gets 18k upvotes and is called ""Cute"" but when I do it it's a ""heinous act"" and my dog gets taken away?"
"(Apparently, I said this joke in my sleep, and don't recall ever hearing it before, so I may have come up with it in my sleep as well.) Did you hear the one about the professional hockey player who quit his job to become an accountant? He wanted an off-ice job."
Women are like Hurricanes They come into your life wild and free and then leave with the PATIO FURNITURE WE BOUGHT TOGETHER SARAH YOU BITCH
"I told a customer that he reminded me of my father. He says to me ""Oh wow, he must be quite a nice guy!""I told him ""No, he's an asshole."""
I found out my girlfriend is really a ghost. I had my suspicions the moment she walked through the door.
I ate a piece of fresh salmon that was marinated in vanilla and now my stomach is hurting.... I think I might have salmonilla.
Dating is much easier since the lock down started. Zero effort.
"If you're ever being chased by a bear or a cougar, quickly lay on the ground for 5 seconds. Have you ever heard of the 5 second rule?"
"I got into a discussion with my coworker today about surnames. How they originated from what people were known for. Smith, shoemaker, etc. Well my great great great great great great grandfather's name was Horace P. Horsefucker. He got a bad rap. It was consensual...though the horse said neigh."
"Did you know that a very good memory is often a sign of an excellent lover? I read that on February 11, 2017 in the New England Journal of Behavioral studies issue 2016-Q3."
"When your partner tells you he/she cheated on you, I know there is a tendency to ask ""with who?"" Resist it. Instead ask ""with whom?"". Speak good English, no matter the circumstances."
Galileo Galilei Invented the Thermoscope Which is the Forerunner of the Rectal Thermometer. Galileo also created the theory of heliocentric orbits by studying near planets like Mercury. This led to the discovery of further planets like Uranus.This is a man who found two different ways to apply Mercury to Uranus.
Nudists must be careful around Team Rocket... ... because they're always trying to get a Pikachu.
How do you beat Dwayne Johnson in a fight? Throw paper at him
What do you call it when one president comes in and another president comes out? Barbara’s bush
What did the court jester call the balding crown prince? The Heir Apparent with no Hair Apparent.
Why can't a nose be 30.48 centimeters? Because then it would be .3048 Meter!Some jokes just don't translate well.
I told my doctor I was having problems with my hearing. He asked me what the symptoms were. I told him they were a yellow cartoon family.
"I saw two men beating a kid up, so naturally I ran over to help... There's no way the kid could take on all three of us"
There was a truckload of tires on the interstate and they all fell out It was highway rubbery!
What genre would Trump's autobiography be filed under? Fan fiction.
"What do you call a group of 500 atoms? A Refund.*This post is brought to you by ""Todd Howard did Nothing Wrong"" gang*"
Invisible Cow How can you make a cow invisible?Camooflage
I told a Hispanic man that I was trying to come up with a term that would describe low resolution video He suggested “poor k”.
"True story! A 55-year-old Walmart cashier winked at me as she handed back my change the other day. People's Sexiest Man title, here I come."
I'm not saying it's a mistake letting my girlfriend control the thermostat... But two Hobbist just  showed up and threw a ring into our bedroom.
"A man walks up to a millionaire fisherman Man:  “Wow you must make a lot of money off fishing.”Fisherman: “Aye I do, last season I raked in over $500,000.”Man: “If you don’t mind me asking how much is your Networth?”Fisher: “This old net is worth around $200.”"
"My date told me she was a baller, so I was keen when she offered me back to her house. When we got there, the place was small.I frowned. ""I thought you said you're a baller.""""I am,"" she replied, then she pulled down her underwear."
"How many Republicans does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They're afraid of change- even if it makes the world a brighter place.(Edit: Folks, take a breath. It is a joke.)(Edit: Thanks for the silver, gold, and plats)"
"I have an ugly, tight pair of shorts that I only wear when every other pair is dirty. They’re my last reshorts."
Why does Trump always use a golf cart when golfing? Walking the course is far too taxing on him.
"You see son, grilling a good steak is a lot like you mom... Once it starts bleeding, it's time to flip her over to the brown side."
"I'm with the CIA, AMA! But please comb your hair first,  you look like shit."
What is this movie about? It is about  hours long.
What is the scientific name for a child's fear of sitting on Santa's lap at the mall? Claustrophobia
"A young Indian couple was trying to have a quiet wedding, but their family refused and made them have a big wedding instead. What fruit did they serve at the event? Cantelope"
"I performed an opening one night for a surgeon, really funny guy They kicked me out of the hospital and called the cops"
North Koreans believe they live in the best country in the world because they’re brainwashed by the government and the media When every American knows that America is the best country in the world.
"A limerick about my life right now I might soon be resting in clover,At the end of my days as a rover.But I'm still not appeasedWhether I've got disease,Or just that I'm really hungover."
"Australia just banned all plastic bags, yay for the environment Oh shit I thought this was r/recycling"
Avengers cast Interviewer: are you a humanAvengers endgame cast: I am not sure if I am aloud to tell you that
My gf told me we couldn't afford beer and I would have to quit drinking. Then I caught her spending $80 on makeup. I asked her how come I had to give up beer and she didn't have to give up makeup. She said she needed the makeup to look pretty for me. I told her the beer was doing the same shit for cheaper. I don't think she is coming back home.
"I ran into a dwarf today with my shopping cart. I said “Oh man, are you okay?!” He said “I’m not happy!” I said “Well which one are ya then?!”"
Environment Friendly Joke *What do you do with 365 used condoms?*    Re-cycle them into a tyre and call it a Good Year.
"I couldn't remember what the brown rough stuff was on the outside layer of tree trunks... I asked my cat and she said, ""Meow"". No help.I asked my bird and he said, ""Tweet"". Useless.I asked my dog and they said ""Rhytidome, you buffoon."""
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed? At the bottom! 
Why did a customer leave the blockbuster store disappointed? They were never going to give him Up.
"A friend of mine once ate a couple of toy horses. The doctor said not to worry, his condition is stable now."
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff.
"What's the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci."
What do you call a mom who turns into a dad? Transparent.
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, ""Can't you just use a sponge?"""
There's a fine line between the numerator and denominator.
What do you call the horse that lives next door? A neigh-bor.
Why is Orion's belt the worst constellation? It's a waist of space.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
"At the job interview, they asked me, 'Where do you see yourself in five years?' "
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around. 
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5. 
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust. 
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate. 
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop. 
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes. 
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.' 
What do you call a poor Santa Claus?' 'St. Nickel-less.' 
Steve Jobs would have made a better president than Donald Trump… But that’s comparing apples to oranges. 
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.' "
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?' 'Walking. JK! Rowling.'  
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it. "
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh. 
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder. 
Q: What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A: A large fortune. 
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. 
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important. "
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate. 
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue. 
What’s brown and sticky? A stick. 
Where do you learn to make a banana split?' 'Sundae school.' 
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. 'I want to meet my biological parents,' the son demands. 'We are your biological parents,' the father responds. 'Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.' "
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?' 'In case they get a hole in one!' 
What do you call a mom who turns into a dad? Transparent. 
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus. "
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door. 
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs. 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island. 
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.' 
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar. 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.' "
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins. "
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. 
"I'll call you later.' Don't call me later, call me Dad. "
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together. 
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!' 
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. "
My psychiatrist says I have an unhealthy obsession with revenge. We’ll see about that… 
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?' 'Where's Pop Corn?' 
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them. 
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line."
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
"Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog."
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own set of scales.
I haven’t talked to my wife in a week — I didn’t want to interrupt her.
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins."
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”"
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
"I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking."
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it."
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a ""Get Well Soon"" card."
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice.
"I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one."
"What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom."
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
In the beef army there was a soldier who always snuck up on the enemy from the left or right. He was a flank steak.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a ""Get Well Soon"" card."
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
"How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor."
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
"I became a naval cook because I wanted to see the world! But so far, I’ve only seen China, Turkey and Greece."
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug His last wish was to be Frank in Stein"
"I was hungry and bought a box of animal crackers today The box said 'WARNING: Do not eat if the seal is broken'. I then opened it up, and every type of animal was in 1 piece, save for a single cracker at the bottom of the box................"
"My Grandparents passed away together last night. He went peacefully in his sleep, but she was apparently distraught before dying, screaming and crying hysterically I guess we really should've taken away his license"
"An old friend of mine married a young girl As we’re not exactly young ourselves, I was curious how he held up, and asked him how often they had sex. “Almost every day,” he said.“Almost every day?!” I exclaimed.“Yes, almost on Monday, almost on Tuesday, almost on Wednesday...”"
I just discovered that I can talk to cats They probably don't understand me but still
What’s an atom’s favorite salad topping? Croutons
Why did Rockstar choose to invest in a Harbour when diversifying their assets? Because their ports are always a disaster!
"There are judges for different religions and they are categorized alphabetically. There's Judge Atheist A, Judge Buddhist B, Judge Christian C and...Judge Jew D."
"Apparently North Korea only has 3 tv channels... Kim Jong Un, Kim Jong Deux and Kim Jong Trois"
If you’re American if you enter the bathroom and you’re American when you leave what are you inside the bathroom? Euro-peein’
What are ghosts favorite thing to read? BOOks
"Trump's 4th of July 'Salute to America' has bankrupted Washington D.C's Emergency Planning and Security Fund, which is used to provide police and security support at Presidential events. This throws uncertainty on whether or not the President will be able to hold the annual Turkey Pardoning Ceremony this November, which is expected to feature a Presidential Pardon for Trump's close personal friend Jeffrey Epstein."
"I used to sell cookware, but that didn't pan out. So I've switched to selling underwear for a brief time."
What do you call a guy with two dicks? Ambidextrous.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
scooby-doo: it’s a g-g-g-ghost! **ghost:** holy fuck a talking dog!
"Roses are reddish, violets are bluish. If it weren't for Christmas, we'd all be Jewish."
"In the classic story of the tortoise and the hare, what was the tortoise's name? Winslow."
What did the oyster say to his girlfriend when she finally got him to open up? Aww shucks
I have a friend who always speaks his mind and thinks with his gut.
I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in my body. Then I realized who was telling me this.
You scream in a Library and everyone looks at you funny. But you scream in an airplane and everyone joins in.
A colon can completely change the meaning of a sentence. For example: -	Jane ate her friend’s sandwich.-	-	-	Jane ate her friend’s colon.
What do fat girls and scooters have in common? They're both fun to ride until your friends find out.
If cats could talk They wouldn't.
This girl was handing out vegan pamphlets when she said she recognized me I said I never met herbivore
"Why is it always crowded in a sperm bank? Because people are paid to come.Why'd you think sperm donations are really expensive, because they're handmadeBut Its hardwork tho, it takes alo of balls to do it, whatever you thing you on regular that's nutting."
"I got into a discussion with my coworker today about surnames. How they originated from what people were known for. Smith, shoemaker, etc. Well my great great great great great great grandfather's name was Horace P. Horsefucker. He got a bad rap. It was consensual...though the horse said neigh."
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
"What is the common trait between men and snow? You don't know how many centimeters you'll get, neither how long will it last."
"I got kicked out of biology class today for eating during the lesson... Apparently it's called an ""Eye disection"" not ""Eye digestion"""
I was banned from the airport last week Apparently security doesn't like it when you call shotgun while boarding the plane
"Scotland is like Iraq A little but Sunni, but an awful lot Shiite."
What's 40+40+SQUIRREL! 80HDMy daughter made up that joke when she was 8.
What’s the worst jelly to put on your sandwich? Traffic Jam **My daughter read me this from her Gogurt wrapper. My answer was Toe Jam.
"A snail takes for ever to cross the street and finally knocks on a guy's door The guy answers, sees the snail, picks it up and throws it far away. Two years later the snail returns, knocks again and the guy answers.  The snail says, ""Yo! What the fuck was that about?"""
"I asked our security specialist, “How did the hackers get away?” Miffed, he shrugged and answered, “No idea. They ransomware.”"
"I was talking to my parents over dinner, my Mom said she was getting tired of the Bernie Sanders memes. I looked over to her and said ""Don't worry, this trend will Bern out soon."""
What did Santa say at the strip club? Ho! Ho! Ho!You’re all on my naughty list!
"Recently, I discovered my fetish for self discovery. I just came to that conclusion!"
"Peter Piker When Peter Piker peeked at Penny,And peeped her perfect pooperHis peepers paused and then his jawPlopped down into a stuporBut he perked up and pressed his luck;Professed he pined to pipe her He self-composed and then proposedWhile poin... read more"
"I helped my uncle jack off a horse My uncle jack is really heavy, so it was hard to get him off of the horse"
According to Scientists atom’s are as old the universe So therefore your honour she was legal
Today a large shipment of Chinese dumplings was thrown to the ground and smashed into crumbs by vandals who are unhappy with a change in the savory treat's recipe. Local officials are said to be appalled by the wonton destruction.
What do you call a sheep thief? Steel wool.
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four leaf clover? Because you shouldn't press your luck!
"Was holding a crab when it started pinching me My mom told me to let it go. I replied “no, this is the least abusive relationship I’ve ever been in.”"
"My girlfriend said she want's to try some condom's with something inside to increase her pleasure. I said ""what is that""  she said ""other men's dick's"""
I go in hard. I come out soft. You blow me hard. What am I? >!Gum!<
"Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas."
Why do we tell actors to break a leg? Because every play has a cast.
What is a skeleton's favourite drink? A full-bodied wine.
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
Why couldn't the astronaut land on the moon? Because it was full.
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
I'm an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It's my special tea.
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen.
"To whoever stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it, I will find you. You have my Word!"
Why don't they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs!
Q: How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? A: Eclipse it 
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot. "
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
"Did you get your haircut?' No, I got them all cut. "
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.' "
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. 
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates. "
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree?' 'By its bark.' 
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh. 
I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer! 
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?' 'Yellow!' 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!' 
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?' 'They're both Paris sites.' 
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, 'I’m getting a divorce,' she was the first one to like it. "
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet. 
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
What's the best smelling insect?' 'A deodor-ant.' 
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan. 
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we 'be positive,' but it’s just so hard without him. "
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?' 'Walking. JK! Rowling.'  
My son has his BA and his MA—but his P­A still supports him. 
"Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad. "
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine. 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean. "
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!' "
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out. 
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships. 
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. 'You can't cut me down,' the tree complains. 'I’m a talking tree!' The man responds, 'You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.' "
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. 'You can't cut me down,' the tree complains. 'I’m a talking tree!' The man responds, 'You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.' "
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now. 
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
"A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here. ' "
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar. 
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. 
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?' 'Sofishticated.' 
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?' "
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot! 
"A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people—the student, his mama, and his pauper. "
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. 
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice. 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. 
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
"What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume."
“Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.”
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
I’m thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it’s only holding me back.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater."
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
I told my dad he had to quit smoking. When it came to his health we just couldn’t brisket.
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
"The past, present and future walked into a bar. It was tense."
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “That’s arson.”"
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
"A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
Did you hear about the girl who quit her job at the doughnut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
"The past, present and future walked into a bar. It was tense."
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
An invisible man married and invisable women. The kids were nothing to look at.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes."
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
The COVID-19 event has made me significantly more likely to get laid Off
I was watching a fighting scene and I told my dad “I couldn’t jump that high if my life depended on it!” And my dad replied “but what if a bowl of ice cream depended on it?”
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don’t make sense. Refrigerator
"Former figure skater Michelle Kwan was caught by paparazzi, who took an unfortunate down-blouse pic. Nevertheless, it's a perfect example of both quality and Kwan titty."
Have you heard about the rappers ghost writer going to jail He was behind bars
Who do businessmen pray to? The Prophet Margin
What do they call an extra-large bottle of lube in Alabama? Family size
Been lifting weights without much results. Saw a super ripped trainer at the gym and asked him how he got so jacked . . . He paused and then said 'Let me show you the whey'.
What do you call a flying dinosaur that uses its hands to see? A tactiledactyl
Why did the alien pre-emptively put perfume on before boarding the human spaceship? Because the ship had Musk written all over it
50 Shades He slowly but firmly grabs my throat. I try to say goodbye and I choke. I try to walk away and I stumble...'- 50 Shades of Macy Gray.
Cat Cousins (OC) Did you hear about that bobcat who found his long lost cousin?He followed lynx in his family.
"How many animals can fit in one pair of pantyhose? 10 little piggies, two calves, one ass, one beaver, a few thousand hares, a camel's toes and the scent of a dead fish"
How do crabs get around on land? They use the sidewalk.
What happened when a fisherman saw that they spent more on missing fishing equipment than they made selling fish? They realized a net loss.
"Three men were on a boat. All together, they had four cigarettes; However, no one brought any matches. They threw one cigarette overboard, which caused the whole boat to become a cigarette lighter."
What do you call a toy bear with boobs? A tiddy bear
"Research shows that facial tattoos completely eliminate certain forms of anxiety For example, you'll never need to worry about finding a job"
I see Google Calendar is down I thought I'd never see the day
"Today I saw a car parked with a bumper sticker that said ""I miss New york"" So I smashed his window in and stole his radio."
Why is success in the shaving industry so difficult? Razor thin margins.
You have to be gentle with a bathroom tap Don’t faucet
What do clams do for their birthday? They shellibrate...
What does a programmer/coder do when he's tired of life? He writes byebyeworld.c
"The letters in the English alphabet go to the beach (don't ask me why). Every letter gets sunburned except W, X, Y and Z. Why? They had UV protection in front."
"I was teaching political correctness to my niece and I said, ""Ok let's say there's someone named Michael or Mike for short, and if Mike delivers mail, he's a Mail-man. Similarly if there's someone named Jennifer who's doing the same job what would you call her?"" ""Jenny"""
"Frank is in the locker room at a gym when his buddy Howard walks in.He begins to undress when suddenly Frank notices he's wearing a girdle. ""How long you been wearing that thing?""Frank asks.""Ever since my wife found them in the glovebox.""Howard smugley replied."
What dinosaur used boulders as toilet paper? Megasoreass
Why did Humpty Dumpty push Ms. Humpty Dumpty off the wall? To see her crack.
"I arrived early to the restaurant. The manager said do you mind waiting a bit? I said no. Good, he said.  Take these drinks to table nine."
"The school phoned me today and said, ""Your son's has been telling lies."" I said, ""Tell him, he's bloody good. I don't have any kids”"
Just tried to de-snow my car with a loyalty card I only managed to get 10% off
The most important element of public speaking? Podium
"What starts with a 'C' and ends with a 'T', is hairy and oval on the outside and creamy on the inside? A coconut."
"A man walks in to a library and asks for a book on suicide The librarian says ""Fuck off you won't bring it back"""
How does the enthusiastic chef serve his burgers? With relish
"What do you called it when a Stoner, a Jedi and a Surgeon walk into a bar? Blunt Force Trauma"
I lost my ABBA cd Where did the disco?
"There was a huge uproar when the official theme song of the National Leukemia Foundation was announced What's wrong with ""Bad to the Bone""?"
Why can't Peter Pan be grounded? You: Because he Neverlands.Me: No. It's because he's a fucking orphan.
What do you call walking trails behind a mental facility? Psycho-paths
"A policeman knocked on my door. ""I need a word with you right now.""""OK,"" I replied, thinking to myself. Then I added: ""Got one...'sa*u*sage'."""
"The Mandalorian fell on hard times and had to take a job in a body building and health food shop. Turns out he was unexpectedly great at it and smashed the commission targets. He'd just direct people to the protein powder section, and say... ...""This is the whey""(Sorry)"
"What's the difference between jelly and jam? Jelly is made by filtering out the fruit pulp after the initial heating, whereas jam contains the small pieces of chopped up fruit.I'm tired of seeing ""I can't jelly my dick up your butt"", so I wanted to give the correct answer."
"In an effort to play every famous person in the world, Tom Hanks has taken a new role In his ongoing effort to play every white man of any worthy note, Tom Hanks has be cast as Tom Hanks in his upcoming biopic"
I like it when people to change my mind about things Change my mind.
"My wife said, “Why are all the potatoes burnt to a crisp?” I said, “That’s for tomorrow.”My wife: Huh?Me: It’s Black Fry Day."
"Bill Cosby, Anthony Weiner and Harvey Weinstein walk into a bar Harvey says, ""Hey Bill, buy me a drink!""Bill shouts back, ""I don't know what role you're trying to offer me, but let's not involve Weiner..."""
What do you get for calling a suicide hotline in Iraq? A job offer
"A couple of cows were smoking a joint while playing cards.... That’s right, the steaks were pretty high."
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
"What's either a really gross animal issue OR an impressive, magical school? Hogwarts."
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife's bickering between songs.
What is it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials.
Today my son asked me for a book Mark. Can't believe he's 11 and still doesn't know I'm named Dave.
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It's a good thing he drives a Civic."
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
"My wife kicked me out because of my terrible Arnold Schwarzenegger impressions. But don't worry, I'll be back."
What part of the museum makes everyone sneeze? The sta-tues.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends. 
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater. "
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s. 
Why does Sherlock Holmes love Mexican restaurants? They give him good case ideas. 
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel. "
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.' 
"My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle. "
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese. 
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. 'She obviously has COVID,' my wife said. 'Why?' I asked. 'Because she has no taste.' "
I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer! 
"I'll call you later.' Don't call me later, call me Dad. "
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, 'I’m getting a divorce,' she was the first one to like it. "
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off. 
"Did you get your haircut?' No, I got them all cut. "
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.' 
"I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find was 401 matches… "
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used. 
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison. 
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together. 
I had a great joke about COVID… but I don’t wanna spread it around. 
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it. "
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted. 
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!' 
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
"It hurts me to say this, but … I have a sore throat. "
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing. 
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!' 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. "
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.' 
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
"Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother… Sudden Lee. "
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. 
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let’s make this interesting.' So we stopped playing chess. "
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays. 
What religion are crows? Birddism. 
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner. "
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.' 
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner. "
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. 
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.' 
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater."
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
"I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!"
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”"
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. ""She obviously has COVID,"" my wife said. ""Why?"" I asked. ""Because she has no taste."""
"What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume."
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth. He said it was acci-dental.
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it."
"“I saw a 1,000-year-old oil stain; it was from ancient Greece.”"
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
What did the late tomato say to the other tomatoes? Don't worry i'll ketchup.
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
"If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?"
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough."
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
"pancakes Psychiatrist: What brought you here?  Patient: My wife sent me here because I like pancakes.  Psychiatrist: There's nothing wrong with that, I like pancakes, too.  Patient: Excellent! Come to my place, I have seven suitcases full of them!"
My friend tried telling me shovels are useless. But I truly believe it was a ground breaking invention.
What do you call a baby in full plate armor? *Infantry*Credit to SpenceOrSpencer and BramBones in r/TIL comments
"I have a special trick for getting the result I want in a coin flip It's not perfect, but it works about 50% of the time."
Why is Only Fans so cheap in Alabama? Family discount.
"My wife got stung by a bee on the forehead. She's at the ER now, her face all swollen and bruised, she almost died. Luckily I was close enough to hit the bee with my shovel."
What's better than winning silver at the Paralympics? Having legs.
TIL: Many medieval surnames like Fletcher or Cooper refer to the patriarch's traditional occupation. I guess I won't be marrying Mr. Dickinson.
"A boy asks his father, ""Can I have a bookmark?"". His dad starts crying, ""After 10 years you still don't know im called Brian!""."
"Haunted House Idea: A room full of women saying ""I'm fine."""
Superman... Superman walks into a room with a pancake on his head...Not all heroes wear crepes.
There's a new website that hosts videos of people playing brass instruments. YouTuba.
I have the worst neighbor in the World. He keeps on banging on the wall at 3:00 A.M. It's really disrupting my drumming practice.
"Allegedly John Adams In my many years, I have come to the conclusion that one useless man is a shame, two is a law firm, and three or more is a congress"
Stop looking for the perfect match… use a lighter.
Why did the Mexican man tie his wife to the train tracks? Because he wanted tequila!
"In fallout, why are caps used as currency? Because america is a CAPitalist country."
I formed a support group for people who suffer from Agoraphobia. Unfortunately it didn't work out. Everyone wanted to have it at their place.
"What did the giraffe say to the conspiracy theorist? Nothing, giraffes aren't real."
"On pride month, the trans man spoke about how free he felt after his surgery. It was like a huge weight off his chest."
"My internet connection is a lot like my grandad It's down most of the time, and even when it's up, it's shaky as hell and we all know it's gonna go down again soon"
What does a photo editor and a farmer have in common? They both make good crops.
Steam isn’t a Jihadi’s favourite state of water. Ice is.
My uncle stopped smoking because of coronavirus RIP uncle Jim.
I'm considering taking a position to translate old Mongolian poetry The job has its Prose and Kahns
I have a joke about perfume... ...but it doesn't make any scents.
What do you call Batman when he keeps skipping mass? Christian Bale.
"What's a female ghost's most attractive feature? Her BOO-bies!  >!Oh come on, it's funny...!<"
What do you call a lotion that makes your eyes wet Moist-your-eyes
"Two black guys are peeing off a bridge The first one looks at the other and says, “man it’s cold”.The second one replies, “yeah, and it’s deep too.”"
Cat puns really freak meowt I am not Kitten.
Why should you do up your zipper when you go to Ukraine? Chernobyl fall out
What sort of music does bubble wrap not like? >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!POP!< >!P... read more
"My friend was upset that he was passed over for promotion at work by an attractive older colleague. I said, “Don’t cry over skilled milf.”"
"An accused criminal is brought before a judge... The judge says, ""You stand accused of stealing five million dollars' worth of gold bars. How do you plead?""""Not guilty, your honour.""""Bail is set at five million dollars."" The judge slams his gavel down.""Do you accept payment in gold?"""
Picking sexual partners is a lot like shopping for fruit. People look down on you if you pick the ones that got shipped here in a box.
They don't make forks like they used to. Modern plastic ware makes me miss the good old tines.
Why do people hate their periods? It really cramps their style
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
Why don't we have any alien visitors in our solar system? I googled it and found the reason...It's rated only '1 star' out there.
The vagina... The best engine in the world. It can be started with one finger. It's self lubricating. It takes any size piston and change's its own oil every four weeks. It just a pity the management system is so fucking tempermental!!
"I'll never forget my Uncles last words on his death bed ""I am your Father""Still doing the Star Wars impressions right to the end."
"Man asks Confucius: If a man washes his ass, is he gay? Confucius say: A man who cleans his house clearly expects a visitor."
"Hagrid: You're a unit of power, Harry Harry: I'm a watt?"
A kid get in trouble and as punishment is made to wear an “I am a Vegan!” t-shirt for the day. It is a horrible experience and they get called all sorts of names and things are thrown at them and they are even kicked a few times.. All that before they even left the house!
Only 2010's kids will get this. Polio and shingles.
"I'm letting my child watch old Looney Tunes and Hanna-Barbera cartoons to get ready to start school. In the real world, everyone solves all their problems with a gun or a knife, too."
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
"I was swindled by a tiny man dressed in green. He was begging and I gave him money because he claimed to be afflicted by a horrible and infamous skin disease. I have since learned that claim was false.Yes, I fell victim to a classic leper con."
What do you call a South American goat-killing monster with a cold? Achoopacabra
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
A steak pun is a rare medium done well.
I have a clean conscience - it's never been used.
"I think it's a great idea to wear two different deodorants, one under each armpit. But that's just my two scents."
Without geometry life is pointless.
I can sum up 2021 in one word. Five
What do ghosts use to do their makeup? Vanishing cream.
"I lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over."
"This old guy I knew would always say, 'You know what really burns my ass?' He'd then hold his hand at butt level and say, 'A fire about this high.'"
I lost an electron. Are you positive?
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. 
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow. 
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop. 
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.' 
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback! 
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. 
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator. 
What's a robot's favorite snack?' 'Computer chips.' 
It’s because they can’t see sh!t at night. 
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable. 
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.' "
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale. 
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
"A couple of cups of yogurt walk into a country club. “We don’t serve your kind here, ' the bartender says. “Why not? ' one yogurt asks. “We’re cultured. ' "
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!' "
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago. 
What does garlic do when it gets hot?' 'It takes its cloves off.' 
"What’s your name, son?' The principal asked his student. The kid replied, 'D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.' 'Do you have a stutter?' the principal asked. The student answered, 'No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.' "
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it. "
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. 
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. 
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised. 
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison! 
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important. "
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head. "
Did you hear about the cheese that’s been working out? Dude’s shredded 
What did one wall say to the other?' 'I'll meet you at the corner.' 
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something. "
"There was once a king who was only 12 inches tall! Terrible king, but made a great ruler. "
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump. "
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. 
What is the opposite of ladies fingers? Mentos 
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.' 
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
How does a hurricane see? With one eye. 
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves. 
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. 
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home! "
"Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?' No sun. "
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
"Two hats were hanging on a hat rack. One said 'You stay here, i'll go on a head'."
"This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode."
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins."
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called."
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, ""That makes two of us."""
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. ""She obviously has COVID,"" my wife said. ""Why?"" I asked. ""Because she has no taste."""
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
Have you heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mainly wrap.
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? “Supplies!”
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
"This ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”"
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
"I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn't concentrate."
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
"We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story."
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
My wife was really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction So I packed up my stuff and right
"I’m Venezuelan, if I had a dollar for every time people ask me about the political situation in my country I would have enough money to get the hell out of here"
"Son: Dad, why is destruction a form of creation? Dad: Well son, you see, I destroyed your mom's pussy to create your ass."
Legs in Japanese cartoons are cool I just love anime shins.
"A pancake, a piece of toast, and a piece of bacon walk into a bar They sit down and ask the bartender for a round of beers. The bartender looks at them and says ""Get the hell out of my bar, we don't serve breakfast here."""
What does Farmer Travis Scott do when his crops are ready? He goes Sickle Mode
"Why do they call chicken the beggar's bird? Because it says ""Buck buck buck buck buck!"""
Why isn't there a neutron mod in the Skyrim Steam Workshop? Because there'd be no charge.
So I heard that the stock prices of fertilizer companies around the world started dropping about two months ago. Apparently it has something to do with donald trump becoming the world‘s leading supplier of bullshit.
"Johnny was looking out the window, straining his eyes... trying to read a billboard a half mile away.  When his friend asked him what he was doing, Johnny said, ""my mom says I can only go out and play if I have super vision""."
What food does a stoner serve his guests at a party? Pot Roast.  Ba dum dum
"The letters in the English alphabet go to the beach (don't ask me why). Every letter gets sunburned except W, X, Y and Z. Why? They had UV protection in front."
My Chinese waiter thinks all white people look alike and gave my food to the wrong customer Wait. Never mind. That wasn't my waiter.
Why was Noah the best businessman? He floated his stock while the rest of the world was in liquidation.The greatest journalist? Samson. He took two columns and made an impression on everyone.
"I want my 11780 dollars. Dear Bank of America, I just want to find 11780 more dollars in my savings account.Everyone at your bank counted wrong."
"Today, my wife was told by the pediatrician that our 18 month old son isn’t talking much because he doesn’t want to. I could’ve told her that."
"So, it turns out that ""In-N-Out"" is NOT a brothel but ""Animal style"" still means the same thing; so that was nice."
My girlfriend fell off a fishing boat just off the coast of Maine and was devoured by a giant shellfish. You might say a New England clam chowed her.
It's good thing tall people like me don't grow on trees friend: too bad shorter people could use the shade!
Two cowboys are stranded in the desert... One cowboy sees a tree covered in bacon in the distance. He gets all excited and runs towards the bacon tree... As he reaches the bacon tree he gets shot to death. It turns out it wasn't a bacon tree... It was a hambush
I dated a greek girl during my latest archeology expedition Radioactivity measurements of her remains confirmed she lived around 700BC
"Break up My boyfriend just broke up with me, he was sick and tired of my constant zodiac puns.It Taurus apart.I'm in Pisces typing this"
"I decided to remove my racing snail's shell to make him go faster. But if anything, it just made him more sluggish."
"The air in my apartment was so dry that we were getting shocked every time we touched a faucet or door knob. So, was I happy that my landlord finally installed a humidifier ? I was ecstatic.(So we're my kids, when I told them they weren't going to be grounded any more.)"
"A crab walks into a bar... The Barman says ""I can't serve you mate, you're already walking sideways""."
It's Pancake Tuesday already... Really creped up on me.
"Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian."
"Dating a girl with an OnlyFans is a lot like having your own private, reserved parking spot. Anyone and everyone can see it, but only you actually get to use it."
A woman has the last word in any argument. A woman has the last word in any argument.Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument.
"At the doctor investigating my stomach issues, I was asked if I had a family history of stomach issues I said “why yes, diarrhea runs in my genes.”"
"[NSFW] Vaxx joke to help break the ice **For those of you who are worried about the Pfizer vaccine, know that they make Viagra too!** If they can raise the dead, they can save the living!"
How was the Roman Empire cut in half? With a pair of Caesars.
"What did the fish say to the fisherman? ""No one will ever believe you."""
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
A man is told the local bank offers mortgages with no interest The man enters the bank.Man: I’m here to find out about the mortgageEmployee: I don’t really care.
"I call my wife Bambi, she thinks it's because she is cute with big brown eyes. But in reality I just hope someone shoots her mother with a hunting rifle."
Why are fish easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
What do you call a goat with a pancreatic disorder? Diableatus.
How often do scientists check the table of elements? Periodically
Someone shouts: ”Stupid Dad jokes are making the Earth an impossible place to live!” A Dad shouts back: “Maybe you just need some Space.”
"Grandfather: When I was your age, I used to go to the market with one dollar ...and bring home soap, rice, milk, bread, face powder etc..Grandson: Nowadays it's difficult. There are CCTV cameras everywhere."
Just had lunch at the Pelican Cafe... the food was good but the bill was enormous!
"I just began a sexual relationship with a blind woman. Took me ages to get her husband's voice right, but at least I know she won't be seeing other people."
Can anyone recommend a good bank account? Mine's run out of money.
"What happens when nitrogen meets oxygen? Do they become nitrogen monoxide? NO.Do they become nitrogen dioxide? NO2.Do they become nitrogen trioxide? NO3.They become nitrous oxide! The joke is not very funny, but the gas still makes people laugh."
"A woman has just given birth to her child. The doctor holds the newborn child at both feet, upside down, then slams it three times on the wall. The mother is shocked! The doctor consoles: «April fools! Was already dead!»"
I think the Rainforest Cafe takes the whole rainforest theme too far. This one time I was sitting there eating my chicken tenders and they bulldozed 40% of the restaurant.
What's the difference between a woman and a tiger entering a commercial center? The woman is shopping in the mall and the tiger is mauling in the shops.
My wife came home with a big bunch of flowers and says where would you like me to plant them. I said I'll tell you where you can plant your tulips.
"Do you know what the last thing my grandfather said to me was before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
How do you define a farmer? Someone who is good in their field.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
"Should you have your whole family for Thanksgiving dinner? No, you should just stick with turkey."
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit.
"Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
"At the job interview, they asked me, ""Where do you see yourself in five years?"" I told him, ""I think we'll still be using mirrors in five years."""
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
Why does putting a car in reverse make you nostalgic? It takes you back.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean. "
"What did the ocean say to the beach?' 'Nothing, it just waved.' "
"I begin to read a horror novel in Braille. Something bad is about to happen, I can feel it. "
It’s brave to admit you have an STD. Always clap for those folks! 
Where do young trees go to learn?' 'Elementree school.' 
"At the job interview, they asked me, 'Where do you see yourself in five years?' "
It takes guts to be an organ donor. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation?' 'Times Square.' 
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.' 
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!' 
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. 
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it. 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. 
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!' 
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. 
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right. 
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.' 
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.' 
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue. 
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. 
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet. 
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? 'Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.' "
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
My wife told me to pick up 8 cans of soda on my way home from work… 
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. "
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
"It hurts me to say this, but … I have a sore throat. "
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot. 
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet. 
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled? 
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
"Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad. "
"What does a sprinter eat before a race?' 'Nothing, they fast!' "
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring. "
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up. 
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank. 
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen. 
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. 
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head. "
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.' "
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you. "
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.' 
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
"I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming."
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
"A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”"
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut."
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
"I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming."
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
"Me: “Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field.” Son: “So what?” Me: “It’s pasture bedtime.”"
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring."
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
"What do you put on a lonely grilled cheese sandwich? Provolone, but only if you have it’s parmesan."
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
What is the Department of Veterans Affairs in China called? VAChina.
"I asked the librarian if she knew who authored any books on dinosaurs. She said, ""Try Sarah Topps."""
"Well, I know it's childish, but me and my girlfriend have just had a great time having a pillow fight and I won! The secret is to stuff a few bricks in there.."
What did Denzel say to the thick wire entering his house’s circuit breakers box ? Mah main...!!
What is a cougar's favorite kill? A stagg with a nice rack!
"Roses are reddish, violets are bluish. If it weren't for Christmas, we'd all be Jewish."
I got fired from the calendar factory just for taking a day off :(
I have a joke about perfume... ...but it doesn't make any scents.
How do you talk to a COVID denier Without raising your voice so you do not disturb the other patients in the mental health ward.
"Has anyone read the book, ""Cum Stains on Her Pillow"" By Mr. Completely"
"A Pirate Walked Into A Bar With A Ship's Wheel A pirate walked into a bar with a ship's wheel fastened to his belt buckle.  The bartender says, ""Sir, do you know you have a ship's wheel fastened to your belt buckle?""  To which the pirate responds, ""Aye, it's driving me nuts!"""
Why did the barber win the race? He took a short cut.
"Since starting the quarantine two weeks ago, I’ve been shredding all my old CVS receipts. I’m about halfway done... ...with the first one."
What do you call it when a symphony musician hits his wife? Domestic violins.
"I whispered in her ear what I would like to do to her and she said, ""I'm getting really wet."" ""Turns you on, does it? I asked. ""Turns you on, does it? I asked. ""No,"" she replied, ""you dribble a lot."""
I don't like over confident people Edit: Thanks for the silver!Edit2: thanks for the gold!Edit3: thanks for the platinum!Edit4: thanks guys! I never expected this post to blow up like it did!!Edit5: thanks for the argentinium!Edit6: thanks for the ternium!
Happened IRL We were at the cemetery. Talking about a dead person who got cremated. My dad said: I don't want to hear about you doing this to me! I answered: You won't...
"Did you hear the joke about censorship? You might expect to simply see the word \[removed\] here, but actually most censorship is self-censorship whereby people edit their own work to pre-empt any conflict with the censors, so please DM me for the answer to this joke"
I do online classes like games... Blame it all on my internet.
What’s a rappers favourite toy? A yo yo!
You want to know the worst thing about owls? It's the way they can maintain eye contact when you put them in a microwave.
What are the 2 most Illegal drugs in Duckville Weed and Quack
"I had a health form for my doctor to fill out today. He reached into his pocket and pulled out an old mercury thermometer. “Shit,” he said. “Some asshole has my pen!”"
"My dad said he was going to set me up for life. Of course, I was excited by the idea. Until he blamed me for the murder he committed."
Shredder finally defeated the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. All he had to do is to throw a box of plastic straws to the sewer system.
Where did the Google team hide the dead bodies of their competitors ? The query
If robert frost was bisexual... He would have gone both ways.
It's fine to be enthusiastic about sailing... Just don't go overboard
What does Earth get on Earth day ? A birthday quake !
"Kid : "" What are condoms used for?"" Dad : "" To avoid such questions. """
What is ISIS's favorite dinosaur? A terror-dactyl.
"When the creator of USB drive will die, they'll lower his coffin into the ground.. ..take it out, flip it over and lower again."
I'm a big fan of air conditioning Especially if the air is trying to be rebellious.
When a guy walks into a room full of other guys he usually comments on how its a sausage fest... So I wonder do girls walk into a room full of girls and comment on how its a fish fest or total clam jam?
"A blonde takes her car to her mechanic and tells him it’s running rough. After working on it for a few minutes, he has it idling smoothly. ""What's the story?"" she asked. ""Just crap in the carburator,"" the mechanic replied. ""How often do I have to do that?"" asked the blonde."
I just saw my math teacher lock himself in his office with a piece of graph paper. I think he must be plotting something.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
What is Bob Marley called on a motorcycle? Bob Harley
"I had a Red Hot Chilli Peppers CD for 4 minutes and 43 seconds After hearing this one track, I decided to give it away give it away give it away now."
why did the bread kick the tomato over? because he loafed him
"A Limerick There once was a man from Port CrownWho went to a doctor in town.The doc gave to heA sup-po-si-to-ry.""I will not take this sitting down!"""
"I love going to pet shops. If I see an empty cage, I put a large pre prepared sign, saying ""CHAMELEON"".... (stand back and watch the fun.)"
My customers don’t appreciate how high quality the manure I sell them is. I don’t get paid enough for this shit.
Yo mumma’s so fat The ocean beaches on her.
"I was at a nudist beach... and I saw a man walking by wearing nothing but his glasses.And I thought, ""What does he do when his glasses get dirty?""."
"OC: What does Babe Ruth and roughly 100,000 antelopes have in common? They're both ballpark figures."
"A man calls 911 one day and frantically asks them to bring an ambulance Man: ""My 14 year old son was entering the mine to find coal but he stubbed his toe on the entrance! Please bring an ambulance quickly!""911: ""Sir I'm sorry but this is nothing we can do. We don't deal with such minor issues"""
"Ja man, down in da islands, what de call de dew in de morning? Daylight cum(Hope I did OK transliterating the Jamaican accent.)"
"The last time I was down in Mexico, I saw something very peculiar; what I thought was a shrub covered in slices of pork... I went for a closer look and one of the locals stopped me.""Don't go down there, Señor..."" he tells me, ""... Eet might be a Hambush."""
A lion would never play golf But a Tiger Wood
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
"I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind."
"I'm starting a flight company exclusively for bald people, I'll call it... Receding airlines."
"A Vicks VapoRub truck overturned on the highway this morning. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours!"
Why did the pirate walk the plank? His dog was back on land.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun had gone. And then it dawned on me.
I hate my job-all I do is crush cans all day. It's soda pressing.
"What did the baker say when she won an award? ""It was a piece of cake."""
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. ""You can't cut me down,"" the tree complains. ""I'm a talking tree!"" The man responds, ""You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue."""
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn't have any idea either.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.' 
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it. 
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
Who is the most lonely billionaire? Alone musk. 
"I named my dog “5 miles.' So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.' "
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants. 
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. 
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked 'Bohemian Rhapsody.' 
When my wife is depressed I let her color in my tattoos. She just wants a shoulder to crayon. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Alabama. ' “Anybody with you? ' “Nope. I’m Alabama self.“ "
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed. 
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother. 
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out. 
What do you call a fake noodle?' 'An impasta.' 
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice. 
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a Roman Catholic. 
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once. "
"Did you get your haircut?' No, I got them all cut. "
"Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?' No sun. "
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical. 
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed. 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
Just paid $200 for a belt that doesn’t fit! What a huge waist! 
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!' "
What's a robot's favorite snack?' 'Computer chips.' 
Did you hear about the cheese that’s been working out? Dude’s shredded 
I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer! 
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian. 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable. 
What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed. 
What do you call a belt made of watches?' 'A waist of time.' 
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark. 
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed. "
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, 'I’m getting a divorce,' she was the first one to like it. "
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.' 
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it. "
When my wife is depressed I let her color in my tattoos. She just wants a shoulder to crayon. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese. 
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!' "
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it. 
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
"Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels."
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts!
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
"I have a scary joke about math, but I'm 2² to say it."
"You can't spell par entry without ""try."""
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
What do you call a line you wait in to buy a grill? A Barbe-Queue.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
A slice of apple pie costs $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Without geometry life is pointless.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
"As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “You know one would have been enough.”"
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. ""No,"" I said. ""It's to look at."""
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them."
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
"I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work."
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
How do you measure the mass of an influencer's following? By Instagrams!
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst."
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
Which knight of the round table was the beefiest? Sir loin.
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
I know several jokes in sign language I guarantee nobody has ever heard them.
Did you hear about the pig who lost an eye? He used to blink with both eyes. Now he oinks with one.(My 3 year old son came up with it)
Why did Rockstar choose to invest in a Harbour when diversifying their assets? Because their ports are always a disaster!
I tossed a yield sign into a tornado once. Guess I was throwing caution to the wind.
"I called the suicide hotline in Iraq. I told the operator that lately I've been having suicidal thoughts. Operator: ""Great! Can you drive a truck?"""
I need to have at least one slice of toast on me at all times I’m lack toast intolerant
"One farmer asks another \- ""Are your cows smokers?""\- ""No, that would be ridiculous!""\- ""Then your barn is on fire."""
What group of people’s favorite element is Nickel? The Knights who say Ni!
Never fight a dinosaur. You'll get jurasskicked!
"If someone gets burn damage and needs a skin graft, can I donate buttock tissue to help them? Ass skin for a friend."
"what's black, white, orange and terrifying? My voters pamphlet."
Which country in the world has most Parks? Korea
Anyone else tired of how long it takes the USPS to mail a package or letter this time of year? It’s part of DeJoy of Christmas.
"This morning I was on the way to work, but I wasn’t paying attention and ended up rear ending another car. The driver got out and it turned out he was a dwarf. He looked at me and said “I’m not happy.” I replied “Well, which one are you then?”"
"My son asked me: ""would you sell me for a million dollars?!?"" I said ""never in a million billion years!!""He asked ""what about 2 million""I said ""are you kidding me?!? In this economy? Sorry little man"""
Now that Lucasfilm is owned by Disney . . . Will ILM be removing the Notre Dame Cathedral from the Hunchback cartoon?
(NSFW) How is Santa Claus similar to Bill Cosby? They won't come unless you're asleep.
"A British tabloid has just run a story about how self conscious I am. Its really upset me, I hate seeing myself in The Mirror."
"Only in England. £800 fine if you are caught at a house party during lock-down.But reduced to £400 if paid early.If you catch covid at the party, the government willgive you £500 to stay at home.That's £100 profit.This country is absolutely fucked."
Mosquitos in Africa be like It's-a me! Malario!
I developed a successful chicken social network app to make more money. I didn’t do it for the glory I did it to make hens meet.
Whats the difference between a Chicago Bears fan and Marty McFly? Eventually Marty McFly stopped going back to 1985.
I just finished a book about Edison and the lightbulb. It was a bit of light reading.
[OC] What did the first bee to try a flower think of it? It was beyond bee leaf.
What do you call a person that sells cow poop? An entre-manure
Diet Day 1...I've finally got rid of all the fattening food from the house. It was fu***ng delicious.
What do you call 26 letters chipping in to make a big gamble? An alpha bet.
Newton pushed against our understanding of science and math But science and math pushed back
One time some guy on the street tried to sell me a magical pillow case. Turns out it was just a sham.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
Don’t urinate on people in self defense You’re just going to make them more pissed
"I thought I saw a Direwolf, but it turns out it was just a regular wolf. I can't believe I got the two confused, the differences are Stark."
What’s the most common kind of tree in Australia? Ash.
A guy walks into a bookstore and asks for a book on Pavlov and Schrodinger. The book keeper says it rings a bell but he doesn't know if it is there or not.
"Hi, I'm a mental health therapist helping people to be more at peace with their lives. Check out my Instagram! I'm a content creator."
I used to play air drums for Rush in my car until I lost a stick out the window. Now I can only play for Def Leopard.
I locked myself out of the house earlier so I shouted through the letterbox to my cat to let me in.He said: “Me? How?”
I just found out the news that I'm color blind I was surprised. It came completely out of the green.
How do locomotives know where they're going? Lots of training
"Chester was really happy, he was about to meet the Queen. He had been a physics prodigy hailing from a small town in England, and had just been selected to be Knighted by the Queen of England.After the ceremony, his best friend remarked to him:""Man, Chester, you Knighted!"""
My local hair dresser just got charged with drug dealing. I am shocked. I've been a customer of his for years. He never told me he cut hair.
A lorry full of wigs was stolen last night.... Police are combing the area.
Why couldn't the quadrilateral comb out her daughters hair? Because it was a wrecked tangle
"As two hungry goats tried eating movie film stock... ...one turned to the other and said, ""I don't know about you, but I thought the book was better."""
What do you get when you throw a grenade into a French Bathroom? linoleon Blownaparte.
Did you know that the Earth’s gravity increases a bit on Easter Sunday? It’s cuz there’s a lot more mass.
"I'm not old. I woke up, I lifted my arms, I moved my knees, I turned my neck. Everything made the same noise: Crrrrrraaaaaaccccckkkk! So I've come to the conclusion that I'm not old, I'm crispy!"
"An old lady is at tea and her host asks ""Would you care for a slice of cold pressed ox tongue?"" ""Oh no,"" shudders the old lady, ""I couldn't eat something that came out of an animal's mouth! Just an egg, please."""
"When a lion takes a lioness from another lion, he kills and eats any cubs she has. You'd think he'd be ashamed of himself. But apparently he just swallows his pride."
Scientists have finally named the 119th element! The new official name is “Astonishium”. It seems they have discovered the element of surprise.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he's still making fun of me.
Why did the laptop show up late to school? It had a hard drive.
"Your wife and daughter look like twins, my friend said. Well, I replied, they were separated at birth."
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
Why are ghosts terrible liars? Because you can see right through them.
I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. Thats how I lost my job as a bus driver.
Why did the envelope take so long to get ready? It had to get addressed.
"What did the dad say when his golden retriever was caught eating a hot dog? ""It's a dog eat dog world out there."""
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
What do female ghosts sing on Halloween? Ghouls just want to have fun!
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
"My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle. "
Q: What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A: A large fortune. 
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used. 
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. 
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X. 
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please. "
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine. 
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.' 
"Niece: I have a lot of friends named Nathan, there’s Nathan…(endless droning about nicknames). Me: When they are together, do you call them The United Nathans? "
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus. "
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder. 
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.' 
What does a mobster buried in cement soon become? A hardened criminal. 
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex. 
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’. 
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut! 
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. 'That's my stepladder,' he said. 'I never knew my real ladder.' "
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.' 
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.' 
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
Sore throats are a pain in the neck. 
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer. 
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. 
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
"Siri,' I asked my phone, 'why am I so bad with women?' She responded, 'I’m Bixby, you moron.' "
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross. 
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. 
What do you call an obese psychic? A four-chin teller. 
Why are skeletons such bad liars? You can see right through them. 
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed. 
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore. 
What do houses wear? An address. 
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, 'You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.' 'Now settle down,' the doctor calmly told him. 'You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.' "
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.' 
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around. 
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates. 
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
How do you get an astronaut’s baby to stop crying? You rocket.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
What did the blanket say to the bed? I’ve got you covered.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called."
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
"“What’s your name, son?” The principal asked his student. The kid replied, “D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.” “Do you have a stutter?” the principal asked. The student answered, “No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.”"
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…"
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
"I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
"I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn't concentrate."
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
Why did the man get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
"We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story."
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
What do astronauts eat for protein? Launch Meat.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
What did the late tomato say to the other tomatoes? Don't worry i'll ketchup.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
What kind of magic do cows believe in? Moodoo!
"Have you heard the joke about the butter? I better not tell you, it might spread!"
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste.
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please."
"A cold snap across the United States has seen Texas dealing with temperatures as low as -18 The demand for electricity has led to blackouts across the state, causing some people to go without Fox News for so long, they've stopped blaming the weather on Joe Biden."
What's the difference between a prostitute and the American health system? Nothing. They both f*ck around with you and do absolutely nothing unless you pay them.
"Did you know that a giraffes neck is strong enough to support the weight of a human climbing on it? Anyway, I got banned from my local zoo today"
What do you call a mosquito that is found funny? Malarious
What do you call a rabbit working in a hotel A bell-hop
What do you call Batman and Robin after the get run over by a steam roller? Flatman and Ribbon.
Courtesy of my five year old son... What do you get when a turtle and porcupine have a baby? A slow poke!
Me- Alexa check my bank balance and tell me which apple product can I buy? Alexa- apple juice
My niece asked me what Cu.M. stands for It took me 2 minutes to understand it was Cubic Meter and not something I was thinking.
So my wife and I just had our first child. A man ran into the delivery room and stole our child’s umbilical cord. The search lasted for days. We thought there was no hope in finding the cord. A few days later we were advised that the man and the cord were found. He was hiding on a navel base.
I was reading a book on anti gravity last night. I found it quite difficult to put down.
"My 7yr old son told me this tonight. What do you call a snowman temper tantrum? A meltdown*edit* Thanks for the silver, its greatly appreciated"
"I saw a mosquito flying over my head and i caught it Then, I took off its wings and I shouted to it ""Go Fly!""but it didnt fly.Conclusion: Mosquitoes go deaf when you remove their wings"
I've been sacked from my job as a chef after spending every shift chopping herbs instead of cooking meals. They couldn't be dealing with thyme wasters.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet? I asked my 18 brothers and sisters and they don’t know either.
"Two dogs are sitting in a bar. The first says, ""wanna hear a joke?"" The second dog says ""sure!"" The first dog says ""knock knock."" The second says... WOOF WOOF WOOF! WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF!!"
Got arrested by cops for celebrating earth day and switching off all plugs Shouldn't have done it in a hospital i guess
"My wife is pissed off at me... She told me how unhappy she is with her c-section scar and I tried to comfort her. Apparently ""honey, don't worry, your tits will cover it up"" was not the right answer."
Why did a customer leave the blockbuster store disappointed? They were never going to give him Up.
Why did the perfume maker end up in the mental hospital? Because he stopped making scents
"If there was a television series about a Deadhead surgeon, what would it be called? A: Touch Of Grey's Anatomy."
What do you call a hypothetically sliced apple? A core concept.
"Why didn't NASA name apollo rockets with letters? Because if Apollo F crashed with all it's crew, they would have to make an Apollo G."
"Why did the Helium atom feel lonely? No one wanted to bond with it would be a logical answer. The truth is, it is just an asshole!"
"I'm lacking in moral fiber... As a result, I don't really give a shit."
"A man named his children second, minute and hour, and thus he was nicknamed father time One day, they was all in their house and a robber burst through the front door and said, 'nobody move!' When recalling the event, second said, it was like time stood still'"
Saw a right angle resting under a tree this afternoon and thought.... Wow! 90 degrees in the shade!!
You'd think that without their shells snails would be a lot faster. But it only makes them more sluggish.
"I really have no idea what carbon dating is... But, I'll try anything at this point."
What do turtles eat? Plastic
"Three men came to visit Confucius They asked him:''Oh wisest of them all, is a men who shaves his butt gay?''He responded: ""Well, he who cleans his house must be expecting visitors."""
Why can't dinosaurs clap their hands? Cause they're dead.
"A stupid knight won a jousting tournament. While awarding his prize, the king had to ask, ""How does such a dumb man win a contest like this one?""The squire answered, ""All the points just go over his head."""
What was the name of Iran’s first 80’s cover band ? Quran Quran
"My wife asked me what was the difference between jam and jelly I told her I can't really jelly my dick in her mouth.Oh, so there's no real difference, she replied."
Long John Silver just donated us one of his crew members. Thanks for the stranger kind Silver!
"I'm not very good at geography But i know the name of one city in France, which is Nice."
Why a surgeon never tell a joke It was a inside joke
"How do drummers ask if they can take a break? It’s quite simple“Hey, you guys think we can work on stairway to heaven for a bit?”"
"Son was playing on the beach, making a sand castle with a plastic bucket and shovel. Hey son, I think your bucket is getting sick. It's starting to look a little pail."
"What type of jokes do turtles like? Shell-arious ones.(My sister came up with this one, cut her some slack, she's seven)"
"After our radio station's accountant died in a parachuting accident, the program director told me to play some Tom Petty in rememberance after the obituary, as the accountant liked his music. However, when I did exactly that, he ended up putting my show off air. Dunno why. Though maybe I shouldn't have played *Free Fallin'*..."
"Three men came to visit Confucius They asked him:''Oh wisest of them all, is a men who shaves his butt gay?''He responded: ""Well, he who cleans his house must be expecting visitors."""
"A Scottish man walks into a bakery and says ""excuse me, is that a doughnut or a meringue?” To which the baker replies “No you're right enough it's a doughnut"""
A lion would never play golf But a Tiger Wood
New England Patriots’ Robert Craft is charged with soliciting prostitution. He just wanted to show the masseuse where he wears his 6th super bowl ring.
Why do surgeons get so rich? They always make their cut.
Why does John Cena take COVID19 seriously? Because he doesn't want to go to the ICU.
"After it rained for 40 days and 40 nights, how was the flood of Genesis stopped? God dammed it."
"Grandfather: When I was your age, I used to go to the market with one dollar ...and bring home soap, rice, milk, bread, face powder etc..Grandson: Nowadays it's difficult. There are CCTV cameras everywhere."
Steve Jobs would have made a better president than Donald Trump... But that's comparing apples to oranges.
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
"As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said. ""You know, one would have been enough."""
"We also have a great collection of Knock, Knock Jokes for Kids."
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!"
What's the easiest way to burn 1000 calories? Leave the pizza in the oven.
"After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it!"
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, ""For my first wish, I'd like to be rich."" ""Okay, Rich,"" said the genie. ""What would you like for your second wish?"""
My dad literally told me this one last week: 'Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.'
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue. 
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious. 
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine. 
How do you make 7 even?' 'Take away the s.' 
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.' "
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.' 
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.' 
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know? 
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison. 
"What's the best thing about Switzerland?' 'I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.' "
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!' "
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie? 
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now. 
What do you call a hot dog on wheels?' 'Fast food!' 
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged. 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty. 
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?' 'A satisfactory.' 
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know. 
What does a bee use to brush its hair?' 'A honeycomb!' 
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback! 
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them. 
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke. "
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross. 
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.' "
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.' 
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important. "
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time. 
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care. "
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. 
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch. 
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit. 
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?' 'A satisfactory.' 
"Just look at that couple down the road,' a wife told her husband. 'He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?' 'Are you insane?' he responded. 'I barely know the woman!' "
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough. 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. "
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious. 
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. Thats how I lost my job as a bus driver. 
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.' 
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan. 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. "
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
"I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “That’s arson.”"
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…"
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
Why did the thief take a shower before robbing the bank? He wanted to make a clean getaway.
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold."
If you’re up at night while the cows are asleep in the field that means it’s pasture bedtime.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump."
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: 'sorry we don't serve food here'
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
England doesn't have a kidney bank. But it does have a Liverpool.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
"Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels."
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
"6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down."
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it."
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright."
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins."
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card.
"“I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.”"
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaad mooood.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
Did you hear the story about the haunted lift? It really raised my spirits!
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
"Have you heard the joke about the butter? I better not tell you, it might spread!"
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
"Can a match box? No, but a tin can."
50 shades of grey Girl 1: Hey have you read 50 shades of grey yet?Girl 2: Yes! From cover to cover!Girl 1: And the index?Girl 2: Exhausted...
How do you blow up a dinosaur? With Dinomite.
"My father beats us, cheats, and whenever we touch his property, he says, “I’m going to make you pay!” I never want to play Monopoly with him again!"
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Wanna hear a joke about the SCP foundation? [redacted]
What pollinated most of the world's crops and doesn't take any of the credit? A humblebee
I decided to cut ties with all the people weighing my down My climbing partner didn’t appreciate it
I strongly believe women are like fine wine. They should be kept in a dark cellar and only brought out for special occasions.
Geography class -Whats the capital of Germany?-Berlin teacher-Whats the capital of France?-Berlin again teacher-Whats the capital of Poland?-Still Berlin teacher-Adolf! If you keep this up you'll fail geography!-We'll see about that
"What did one lab rat say to the other? *""I've got my scientist so well trained that every time I push the buzzer, he brings me a snack.""*"
2019 is the first calendar year... Where the 24th was the end of May.
"Half way into my neck treatment, I got into this huge argument with my chiropractor. Now I have to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder."
"Knock knock. 
 Who's there? 
 Hatch. 
 Hatch who? Bless you!"
"I saw two men beating a kid up, so naturally I ran over to help... There's no way the kid could take on all three of us"
"Well, I know it's childish, but me and my girlfriend have just had a great time having a pillow fight and I won! The secret is to stuff a few bricks in there.."
If you add S to EX files... You get EX-S files. Get it? Excess files haha
Why did the tie not laugh at the other tie's jokes? They were knot funny.
How did the MP3 file say goodbye to the WAV file? Audios.
Why was the null column condemned by the church? Because it didn't have any values.
"US President Donald Trump tested and was not infected by the Corona virus. Experts from the Robert Koch Institute are not surprised. The virus has been shown to affect lungs, not assholes."
Why don’t pirates shower before they walk the plank? Because they’ll just wash up on shore later.
Why are farmers always the best husbands? They always produce the best seeds.
Saw a right angle resting under a tree this afternoon and thought.... Wow! 90 degrees in the shade!!
What’s the difference between a step stool and a 3D printer? The former is a ladder and the latter is a former.
A fisherman and his fish A fisherman caught a fish so big that he dislocated his shoulders describing it.
I used to date an air stewardess from Helsinki I dropped her off at work one day and she just vanished into Finnair
They put all sorts of wild patterns on pants these days. Britches be crazy.
"I hated Sex Ed at school Or 'Sexy Edward', to give him his full name."
How do you cross a troll bridge in Middle Earth? You use J.R.R. tokens....
Trump did a better job getting people to exercise in 1 month than Michelle Obama did in 8 years Look at all those protesters on the streets!
(NSFW) Did you hear about the baby in Iraq who was born with 3 penises? I bet his pants fit like a glove..-Credit to u/no_hidden_talent who made the joke in the comment section of a news article.
"What did the staircase say when I climbed it? Nothing.It just staired.  (Actually kind of proud of this one, entirely original dad joke)"
My great grandfather is a really spiritual person He’s dead.
Did you hear the one about the blonde who worked at the toy factory? The manager asked her “why do all of these Tickle Me Elmo dolls have two red balls attached?She replied “I thought you said that every doll was supposed to get two test-tickles”
Been lifting weights without much results. Saw a super ripped trainer at the gym and asked him how he got so jacked . . . He paused and then said 'Let me show you the whey'.
Why did the clock get kicked out of the library? It tocked too much.
I was going to record a video of me playing the violin but... I didn't want to fiddle with the camera
"My wife crashed the car listening to Adele, She was rolling in the jeep"
What do you call a Turtle that does yoga? Wakka Wakka U?
Colorblind uncle My colorblind uncle was feeling down so I gave him encouragement by saying “don’t worry the grass is always grayer on the other side”
"We are 11 days into self-isolation ands it is really upsetting me to witness my wife standing at the living room window gazing aimlessly into space with tears running down her cheeks. Don’t get me wrong, I empathize with her.  I’ve considered letting her in many times, but rules are rules."
I don't like over confident people Edit: Thanks for the silver!Edit2: thanks for the gold!Edit3: thanks for the platinum!Edit4: thanks guys! I never expected this post to blow up like it did!!Edit5: thanks for the argentinium!Edit6: thanks for the ternium!
"A scientist called the customer support of his microscope company, complaining that the light bulb was broke. Customer support responded that they will look into it."
"What’s the Wi-Fi password? Bartender: You need to buy a drink first.OK, I’ll have a Coke.Bartender: Three dollars. There you go. So what’s the Wi‑Fi password?Bartender: “You need to buy a drink first.” No spaces, all lowercase."
I took British Airlines to court after losing my luggage. The judge threw it out because we had no case
Why did the turtle go to AT&T because he couldn't sprint
"I'm color blind and the other day I thought I could actually detect purple, but it was just a pigment of my imagination."
What sort of chicken caught the sun? Tannedoori.
I enjoy self-deprecating humour a lot. I’m just not very good at it.
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
How did the chemist feel about oxygen and potassium hanging out? OK.
I really dislike the constant advertisement from the municipality that always sticks under my screen wiper.
What do you call someone who loves reading? A book keeper.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs.
What vegetable is kind to everyone? The sweet potato.
How does a man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
"""I'll call you later."" ""Don't call me later, call me Dad."""
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater. "
What does a bee use to brush its hair?' 'A honeycomb!' 
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. 'You can't cut me down,' the tree complains. 'I’m a talking tree!' The man responds, 'You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.' "
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
It takes guts to be an organ donor.' 
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.' 
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank. 
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
It takes guts to be an organ donor. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important. "
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe! 
"Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.' "
"Can February March? No, but April May! "
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. Thats how I lost my job as a bus driver. 
I asked the librarian if books about paranoia were avaiable. 
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe. 
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
"Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish. "
SpongeBob may be the main character of the show. But Patrick is the star. 
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays. 
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste! 
"Clothes, but no cigar."
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring. "
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it! "
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy. "
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable. "
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?' 'They're both Paris sites.' 
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades. 
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!' 
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. 
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?' 'Walking. JK! Rowling.'  
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.' 
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot. "
Where do boats go when they're sick?' 'To the boat doc.' 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest? "
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician. 
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water. 
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!' 
I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer! 
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it. 
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
What do you call a man wearing a rug on his head? Matt.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, “I’m getting a divorce,” she was the first one to like it."
Did you hear about the king that went to the dentist? He needed to get crowns.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts!
"“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes."
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other 'Does this taste funny to you?
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
"I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find."
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
"“My extra winter weight is finally gone. Now, I have spring rolls.”"
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes."
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. ""No,"" I said. ""It's to look at."""
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
"I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!"
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggy.
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
Did you hear about the king that went to the dentist? He needed to get crowns.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!"
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
"When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…"
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved."
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
I wasn't going to get a brain transplant. But then I changed my mind.
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
Why do Americans rarely tell jokes about mass shootings? Because it’s always too soon.^(i feel bad)
So The Canadian Government Is Changing The 2 Dollar Coin Under pressure from the LGBT community the Canadian government is taking the Iconic polar bear off the 2 dollar coin and replacing it with 2 male deer mating. Now everyone who has one will have “2 Fucking Bucks” in their pockets
How is a meditating monk and a fiber-optic cable similar? Total internal reflection.
Why are women so bad at parking? Because they are constantly told nonsense about what 20 cm\* is like.\* about 8 inch.
Did you hear about the fiasco surrounding the reward for the prettiest cat butt? It was a huge cat ass trophy
What do you call it when you play EDM in a forest? Tree-House
What music to kangaroos like?? Hip hop!!!!
Why is the Hockey Hall Of Fame situated in Toronto? So that  Leafs fans can remember what a Stanley cup looks like.
"Three ""facts"" school taught me that turned out to be false 1. Pluto is a planet2. You won't always have a calculator in your pocket3. Girls don't like having their hair pulled"
"""I've never been good at dealing with confrontation."" ""Pardon?""""Nothing."""
What’s the difference between a physicist and a physician? A physicist is busy before firing a catapult; the physician is busy after.
"So Robert Frost and his wife are lost in the woods Robert Frost remarks to his wife ""We've got miles to go before we sleep""And his wife replies ""Well maybe if we hadn't taken the road less traveled by we'd be there already"""
What's the difference between a clam fisherman with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea? One shucks between fits one fucks between shits.
"My girlfriend smokes a lot, i call her the Dragon Because she doesn't exist"
"Yesterday, I watched women's beach volleyball, and 10 minutes into the game there was a wrist injury.But by tomorrow I should be fine.."
"Samurai wielding sword: now we fight to the death **Me, nervously clicking pen:** t-they better be right about this"
"A man orders soup at a restaurant. The waiter brings the soup, the man doesn't eat, he asks the waiter to taste:-Is there anything wrong sir?-No just taste it.-I can change it for you-I want you to taste it!-But..-Do it!-Ok, where's the spoon?-Exactly, go bring me a spoon!"
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign Language
"TIL: Historically, eunuchs have been really wealthy and politically powerful. It’s part of their compensation package."
Only a bank ATM will charge you $3 to get your money back Then tell you to cover your pin so you don't get robbed.
What do you call a crocodile that will only eat sacrificed lambs? A Halalligator.
"In Tribute Boy: I'll bet you a dollar my dog can talkMan: you're onBoy: how does sandpaper feel?Dog: Ruff!Boy: what's on top of a house?Dog: Roof!Boy: who's the greatest ballplayer ever?Dog: Ruth!Man: come on! I ain't payin' for that, get out of h... read more"
"I’m giving up drinking, for a month. *(oops, incorrect punctuation)*I’m giving up. Drinking for a month."
Husband is reading Indecent Proposal review during breakfast and asks his wife: *honey would you sleep with Robert Redford for a million dollars?* Wife: *where am I going to get that kind of money*
China may be catching up to the US economically... ...but they definitely won’t outweigh us.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom  Because the 'P' is silent.
"When I was a child, my mom’s nickname for me was Exclamation Point. She was shocked I wasn’t a period."
My wife and I had a huge argument because she accidentally flooded the kitchen but we've sorted it now. It's all water under the fridge.
What do you call a singing Laptop A Dell
"What is the longest word in the English language? ""smiles""...The first and last letters are a mile apart"
Do you want to know how often i say element jokes? Periodically.
Until this crisis is over im going to stick to masturbation just before 8pm on Thursday evenings The neighbourhood applauding me as I finish is just the confident booster I need
"I saw a man walking down the road with a woman on his back I said ""where are you going?""He replied ""Fancy dress party""""What as?"" I asked""Tortoise"" the man shouted back""Who's she?"" I questionedTo which he responded ""That's Michelle"""
The Tooth Fairy wasn't too impressed with the dentures I left under my pillow... ...Tooth be trolled.
"I remember being a kid and my parents filling my head with nonsense, like Santa, the Easter bunny and the Tooth Fairy. Well now that I’m older I don’t fall for that rubbish anymore, thank God."
My stomach is flat. The L is silent. ..
"On my first day working at a bank an old lady walked in and asked if I could help her check her balance. I said, ""Ma'am, are you sure?""She replied, ""Yes if you don't mind.""So I gave her a slight push and she tipped right over."
I have a super-power... I can stop a bullet! ... once...
"As I sat there scratching my ass, and spying on my neighbor washing her beaver, one thing crossed my mind. We have really weird pets in my neighborhood."
"Visiting Afghanistan for a second time, a war correspondent noted that since the fall of the Taliban, wives who used to walk ten paces behind their husbands were now walking ten paces in front. The journalist asked one of men if this was a sign of growing equality.""No"" the man replied. ""Landmines."""
We used to have a moat around our yard that the neighbors’ donkeys would always fall into when they came onto our property. It was a real ass hole.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!  They make up everything!
(NSFW) Did you hear about the baby in Iraq who was born with 3 penises? I bet his pants fit like a glove..-Credit to u/no_hidden_talent who made the joke in the comment section of a news article.
"I got pulled over by a cop this morning He came to my window and said ""Do you know why I pulled you over?""I said, ""No officer - I thought for sure you'd know.""LPT - Don't do this."
"Judge: ""So, Mr Robot. Your neighbour accused you of stealing their electricity to power yourself. How do you pleade?"" Robot, the defendant: ""Guilty as charged"""
My wife took off her shirt and bra right when I was winning an argument..... It was a booby trap.
Have you heard about that new virus that is devastating the bird population? It’s called Chirpies. What’s most heartbreaking about it is that it’s... untweetable.
"Did you know facists love 25 of the 26 letters? Not ""z""."
"We all know why six is afraid of seven, but the real question is, what did zero say to eight? Hey, nice belt!"
What price did the inventor of the knock-knock joke win? The No-bell price
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
What kind of tea is hard to swallow? Reality
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
Why aren't koalas actual bears? They don't meet the koalafications.
"Q: What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? A: One is very heavy, the other is a little lighter."
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
Purchase these 60 bad dad jokes in the giftbox below when you shop online at The Present Finder.
Why did the traffic light turn red? You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street.
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, ""Dad, can't you just use a sponge?"""
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
"I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find. "
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system. 
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan. 
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?' "
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you?' 'An iWitness.' "
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now. 
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
We all know about Murphy’s Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage. 
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer! 
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. 
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice. 
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants. 
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago. 
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple! 
Why do plants hate math? It gives them square roots… 
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. 'You can't cut me down,' the tree complains. 'I’m a talking tree!' The man responds, 'You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.' "
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base. 
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst. "
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
What did Adam say to his GF on the 24th of December? It’s Christmas Eve. 
"I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.' "
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows. 
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system. 
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison! 
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them. "
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
"A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'' "
What do you call bears with no ears? B. 
What did one wall say to the other?' 'I'll meet you at the corner.' 
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. 
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.' 
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. 
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows. 
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square. 
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
"What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom."
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut."
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
She said I won’t be able to make it.
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care."
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems."
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What did the late tomato say to the other tomatoes? Don't worry i'll ketchup.
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic."
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
Careful how many corny jokes you tell. Someone may just call the crops!
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
"“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes."
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic."
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner."
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once."
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
An inteovert elephant and an emo giraffe walks into a bar.. They couldnt fit in
I miss the good old days when the president only lied to us to protect national security. Or to hide a blowjob from his wife.
My son told me he wanted to be an oyster shucker when he grew up. I was displeased with his shellfish ambition.
I got a motorcycle for my wife last week. Best. Trade. Ever!
How’d the clam cross the river? Took a taxi crab.
"My uncle would eat crickets on a bet My uncle would eat crickets and night crawlers on a bet.Someone once asked him how they tasted.  His reply:Well, they’re pretty bitter.  But then, I guess I would be, too"
"A guy orders 12 straight vodkas from the barman... ""What's goin on?"" asks the barman. The guy replies, ""Just had my first blow-job today""""Well done"" says the barman, ""Celebrating?""""Nah, just trying to get the taste out of my mouth"""
I can't stand cheese slices... ...but I respect the Kraft
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie on it.
Today I turned 50 years old and I still don't need glasses... I drink straight out of the bottle.
What’s a skeleton’s favourite instrument? If you were thinking a tromBONE you were wrong - they have no lungs! Obviously it’s a xyloBONE!(Probably a really crappy joke but I came up with it last night and thought to post it here)
A man who breaks the world record for longest survived coma is rewarded with atrophy
Did you know people often call a group of multiple birds by certain names? People call a group of chickens a Brood.People call a group of Falcons a Cast.People call a group of Seagulls “Fuck You!”
Today's forecast is going to be.... Partially sunny......
"I asked my musician friend if he plays by ear. He said, ""Yes, ít is a violin. That is how you hold it."""
What kind of fuel does the Fast and the Furious cast use Vin Diesel
"Three men came to visit Confucius They asked him:''Oh wisest of them all, is a men who shaves his butt gay?''He responded: ""Well, he who cleans his house must be expecting visitors."""
If we don't proofread and correct mistakes The errorists win.
"I recently received a letter about my donkey dying, but as I was reading it, a gust of wind caught it and blew it up into the sky. It became an ass ending sending ascending."
At what point does a Lamb become a Sheep? When its had it's Baaaaa-Mitzvah!
"I'm all ready to blow the lid on nepotism in today's society! Had some trouble interesting a publisher, but my uncle reckons he can have a word in the right ears.(EDIT: This was the third time I tried this. The first two got auto-modded, possibly for ""self-promotion"")"
"I just got my annual prostate exam. My doctor has me drop my pants and place both my hands on the table. He gets behind me and does his inspection.The odd thing is though, both of his hands are always on the table too."
Today's litigious culture is ridiculous. I was injured in a slip/trip/fall from a cardboard box. I sued the box and won £5000 in corrugations.
"A man lost his tongue in an accident. He was most upset that he could no longer enjoy his food, so he searched for a surgeon that would do a transplant. Finally he found an organ doner and paid $25k for the procedure... ...later, he had to admit that the new tongue wasn't the same as before, but still it was an acquired taste."
"The mining industry wants to put out a radio advert to help with recruitment. They hire a jingle writer, and he asks them what key he should write it in. They said: ""B minor""."
"So Robert Frost and his wife are lost in the woods Robert Frost remarks to his wife ""We've got miles to go before we sleep""And his wife replies ""Well maybe if we hadn't taken the road less traveled by we'd be there already"""
Did you know that the shovel was a revolutionary invention? Some would even call it groundbreaking.
"A man saw a dog named frost. It wagged its tail as people walked by. The man went to pet it but this dog lashed out and injured his hand.""I didn't know frost bites."""
"At the weekend, I like to play chess with elderly men in the park. But it's becoming increasingly harder.. ..to find exactly 32 of them."
"Derek and Brian are having a drink together. ""You used to play football, didn't you?"" Brian asks Derek.""Yeah, I played til I was nearly 40."" replies Derek.""So which did you prefer, grass or astroturf?"" asks Brian.""I'm not sure Brian, I never smoked astroturf."" answers Derek."
"A lot of people in Iran think that president, Hassan Rouhani went way over the line when he threatened the US with the mother of all wars in his latest speech. In fact they are so concerned about the angry Twitter response from president Trump that they are going to set up their own ‘Mullah investigation’ to look into the matter."
"The creator of the USB flash drive died today. He was lowered into his coffin, flipped over, and then lowered again."
"Doctor: Sir, you’ve got a rare disease. Guy: How rare?Doc: Really rare.Guy: What’s it called?Doc: You choose."
"I was on a date with this girl I found on tinder I reached the cafe early. She came a little later. Like a gentleman, I helped her sit by pulling her stool. When she seemed comfortable I asked, ""Can I push your stool in ?""She : ""Let's see how this date goes first"""
My smart-ass friend just told me how to spell lotion backwards He’s such a noitol.
Toronto Raptors: We are the only sports team named after a dinosaur! New Orleans Pelicans and Atlanta Hawks: Well technically -
My mom accidentally put in more butter than what was called for in the recipe. It was only a marginal error.
"Hillary says it's time to have a woman in the Oval Office. Bill says - been there, done that ..."
You wanna know what’s not illegal in California? Wildfires.
I heard you lost your classical music CD. But don’t worry. I got your Bach.
"Some guy on the Oregon Trail makes a joke at the expense of Terence, a known outlaw. He died of dissin' Terry."
You have to be gentle with a bathroom tap Don’t faucet
"Guitar maker Fender has announced a new line of woodwind instruments Coming soon, the Saxofender."
"Angela Merkel arrives at the Passport Control at the Charles de Gaulle airport, Paris. ""Nationality ? "" asks the immigration officer. ""German,"" she replies. ""Occupation?"" ""No, just here for a few days."""
Who was the dad’s favorite comic book hero? The Pun-isher.
"""Dj Khaled, what are your thoughts on Palestinian rocket attacks?"" ""ANOTHER ONE!!'"
"My Uncle just said to me, “All these mass shooting are happening because kids these days are so self entitled.” I said, “Why? Because they want to keep all the bullets?”Seriously, Fuck Him."
"Sent to Jail. After getting sent to jail, I spent the next hour being held face down over a table and getting violently fucked up the arse.Sometimes I think my uncle Brian takes Monopoly a bit too seriously..."
"Today I learned that Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy were the most open-minded presidents in history. I was quite shocked by this, and it blew my mind."
"Wife told me she slept with 7 people before we met. I wouldn't mind, but I was only 20 minutes late."
Why do flamingoes life one leg up? If they lifted both they'd fall.
What is it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials.
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
SpongeBob may be the main character of the show. But Patrick is the star.
The police just arrested the world's tongue twister champion. They say he'll be given a tough sentence.
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
What happens to bees when they get swatted by the Walking Dead? They turn into zom-bees.
Which type of monster is the best dancer? The Boogeyman.
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa.
Where do ghosts buy their food? The ghostery store.
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese. 
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. 
"I remember as a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there. "
"I named my dog “5 miles.' So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.' "
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?' 'Pilgrims.' "
What do you call an obese psychic? A four-chin teller. 
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out. 
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield! 
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister! 
"I’m starting a flight company exclusively for bald people, I’ll call it… Receding airlines. "
How do you get a good price on a sled?' 'You have toboggan.' 
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!' 
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them. 
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged. 
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.' 
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. "
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.' 
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids. 
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Ayatollah. ' “Ayatollah who? ' “Ayatollah you already. ' "
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up 
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet. 
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.' 
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending. 
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.' 
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. 
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!' "
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars. 
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work. 
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit. 
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field. 
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything! 
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up. 
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor. 
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.' 
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
"Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.' "
"I'll call you later.' Don't call me later, call me Dad. "
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards.ME: …And? 
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef? "
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, ""I always have a few Twix up my sleeve."""
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
How do you spell “candy” with just two letters? C and Y.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know i wouldn't get a reaction.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
What’s the best kind of bird to work for a construction company? A crane.
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote control. I thought to myself 'well this changes everything'.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
What kind of magic do cows believe in? Moodoo!
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
What's the most commonly played song at a strip club in Iraq? Baghdad ass up.
"Two English tourists were driving through Wales.At Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwyllllantysiliogogogoch they stopped for lunch they asked the waitress: “Before we order, I wonder if you could settle an argument.Can you pronounce where we are,very,very,slowly?"" The girl leaned over and said:“Burrr… gurrr… King.”"
She kept saying that the Earth was flat while the elevator we were in kept going up. She was wrong on so many levels
What do you call someone who is both a physician who can treat you and a physician who cannot?!?!?!?!?! A pair-a-docs.
"In highschool, my girlfriend and I were asked to rearrange PNSEI to form a word She said Spine and went on to become a doctor.And the rest of us are reading this on reddit"
"A very drunk guy starts beating up a nun on the street He throws kicks, uppercuts, regular punches, even some drunk karate moves.Once he is exhausted he steps back and says ""You disappoint me, Batman"""
"A limerick about my life right now I might soon be resting in clover,At the end of my days as a rover.But I'm still not appeasedWhether I've got disease,Or just that I'm really hungover."
For my birthday I bought a pair of ghost bumblee earrings. This way my face can always be between a pair of boo-bees.
What color is the wind? Blew
Donkey could take down Bruce Lee... ...because he entered the dragon
What do you call a family of Mexican-American robots? Tex Mechs
I always worry when a women sees me naked for the first time.. She's going to scream and run out of the park...
Toronto Raptors: We are the only sports team named after a dinosaur! New Orleans Pelicans and Atlanta Hawks: Well technically -
"When a lion takes a lioness from another lion, he kills and eats any cubs she has. You'd think he'd be ashamed of himself. But apparently he just swallows his pride."
"Would you like the soup or salad? Oh, that sounds much too big for me. I’ll just have the regular-sized salad, thank you!"
I'm starting a protest against the evil capitalist structure promoted by Vietnamese soup salesmen. We are Anti-Pho
"Fact: Q is the only letter that isn’t in any American state name. And as such, believers in Q don’t belong in America"
"What does a catholic, a Jew, a Muslim, and a black person have in common these days? None of them know how it feels to be discriminated against at a water fountain"
"Cop spots a guy driving past with a South American plate. He's eating some kind of Mexican food and has no clothes on! He pulls him over and asks, ""Where are you from? What are you eating? Aren't you cold?"" ""Chilly"", he replies."
"I’m Venezuelan, if I had a dollar for every time people ask me about the political situation in my country I would have enough money to get the hell out of here"
"At night court, a man was brought in and set before the judge. The judge said, ""State your name, occupation, and the charge.""The defendant said, ""I'm Sparks, I'm an electrician, charged with battery.""The judge winced and said, ""Bailiff! Put this man in a dry cell!"""
"So tired of all these restrictions... I'm getting so tired of all these quarantine-related restrictions.For example, I just found out today that when I'm in public the governor is requiring me to wear pants."
What did God yell out his window when he came up with the idea of a penis? Urethra! I've got it!
I should go rob a bank where all the security guards are women I would be invisible to them
"I can’t find my vegetables. Hopefully, they turnip soon."
"So my mate has started dating twins! I asked him the other day ""how do you tell them apart?""He said ""Well, Stacy is the blonde with a perfect ass, great tits, and a fantastic figure...... And Brian's got a cock"""
What do butchers and men with Onlyfans accounts have in common? They both get paid to beat their meat.
I decided against breaking into the Home Depot to steal their largest egg beater... It was too big a whisk
My wisdom tooth came out the other day. I still love him no matter what.
What's a sea monster's favourite food? Fish and ships
"A woman who lived next door to a preacher was puzzled by his personality change.At home he was shy, quiet and retiring, but in the church he was a real fire orator, rousing the masses in the name of God. It was as if he were two different people. One day she asked him about the dramatic transformation that came over him when he preached.“Ah,” he said, “That’s my altar ego.”"
"To the person who stole my bag with my antidepressants, my glasses and my Microsoft office CD in. I hope your happy, I will find you, I have contacts, you have my word."
"Due to COVID-19, this was the first year I could not go to Switzerland for my summer vacation Otherwise it's due to the lack of money."
If 666 is the evil number Then 25.8069 is the root of all evil
"There are serious injustices that have not been corrected in this world. For example, beating up a white guy will get you much more prison time than beating up a black guy.After all, Assault can get you up to 25 years, while impersonating a policeman will get you 5 at most."
Why does Santa always keep a Baseball bat in his sleigh? For Claus combat.
My wife and I had a huge argument last week. She called me gullible and financially irresponsible. I can't wait to see the look on her face when I tell her I just won the Nigerian lottery!
How many lips does a flower have? Tulips
What do you call a couple of ants sharing a slice of pizza in Italy? Romance
Sixteen sodium atoms walk into a bar Followed by Batman.
When my wife was in labor I would tell her jokes to keep her mind off the pain. She wasn't amused though. I think it was the delivery.
"Two students were talking about their childhood. I was a very clever toddler. By the time I was ten months old, I could already walk.""""You call that clever?"" the other said. ""I managed to trick my parents into carrying me until I was three!"""
How do you know when an Irishman has a stomach ache? He’ll be Dublin over
One for the software devs There are two eternal problems in traditional software engineering:1. Garbage collection2. Naming things3. Off-by-one errors
I have a degree in the design and mechanics of television controllers I don't know what I'm going to do with this remote knowledge.
Why wouldn't the jelly come out of the jar? It was jammed.
Why can't schools in Afghanistan teach kids to count by drawn lines? Because of the tally ban
I've made up my mind. I'm choosing a career path as an electrician. I just found out they get to work with dikes and strippers.
"I bought a pair of drums without any drumsticks, so I decided to bolt them together. I figured if you can't beat them, join them."
"What do men do standing up and women do sitting down and dogs do by lifting one leg? Shake hands, of course!"
"What did the husband say to his wife right after getting LASIK surgery? ""Aren't you a sight for sore eyes?"""
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can't say I'm suprised.
What do horses dress up as for Halloween? Night mares.
"Kathy: ""Wow, you have really gorgeous hair."" Chandler: ""Thanks, I grow it myself."""
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
What do witches ask for at a hotel? Broom service.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
"Kid: Dad, I'm hungry. Dad: Hi Hungry, I'm Dad."
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems."
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, ""You have to help me, I think I'm shrinking."" ""Now settle down,"" the doctor calmly told him. ""You'll just have to learn to be a little patient."""
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian. 
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns. 
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows. 
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue. 
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.' 
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help. 
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada. 
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!' 
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut! 
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.' 
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word. 
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap. "
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel. "
I once got fired from a canned juice factory. Apparently I couldn’t concentrate. 
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker. 
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?' "
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough. "
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!' 
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck. 
    My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly. 
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key. 
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space. 
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming. 
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two… "
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face? 
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up. "
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst. "
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you. "
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.' 
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison! 
I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight. 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake. 
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?' 'A meltdown.' 
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it. 
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed. 
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody. "
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.' 
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. ""No,"" I said. ""It's to look at."""
What days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are week (weak) days!
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
"I failed my driving test today. The instructor asked me, “What do you do at a red light?” I said, “I usually check my emails and see what people are up to on Facebook.”"
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey? A pouch potato.
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return."
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese.
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
Five out of four people admit they’re bad at fractions.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
What did the blanket say to the bed? I’ve got you covered.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
A red and blue ship have collided in the Carribean sea. Apparently the suvivors are marooned.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
"I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head."
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!"
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
"When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…"
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
I haven't spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her!
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
Why did the man get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
"I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking."
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
What do you call a man wearing a rug on his head? Matt.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
"I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it."
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, “Is it to scale?” I replied, “No… It’s to look at”"
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym today. She didn’t show up. **That’s when I knew we weren’t gonna work out.**
What was the secret chord that David played to please the Lord? G sus.
"JOHN LENNON: Imagine all the people living life in peace. **ME:** That’s beautiful.**CARL DOUGLAS:** Okay, now imagine they were kung fu fighting.**ME:** No, you’re right, that’s better. Carl’s is better."
"I was looking through my late Grandfather’s things and found an old poem he’d written for my Grandma. It read: Roses are red, Violets are blueI’ve got Alzheimer’s, cheese on toast."
Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pail of water... ...Jill came down with half a crown but not for fetching water.
I don't trust a teacher who reviews every single piece of homework they give out I think they're mass-grading as someone else.
"A woman goes into an art gallery and sees two still-life pictures. Both are of a table laid for lunch with a glass of wine, a basket of bread rolls and a plate of sliced ham. However, one picture is selling for $75 and the other for $100. Curious, she goes to the gallery owner and asks him what the difference is between the two pictures. The owner points at the $100 painting and says, “You get more ham with that one.”"
I really wish some of the fantasies in 50 shades of grey were real... like how she got a job right out of college.
Down at the farmers market and a man dress as a pirate was selling corn for 1$ It was a buccaneer
What pair of shoes do kidnappers love the most? White Vans
What name would you call someone with poor local area network? What name would you call someone with poor local area network? Nolan
"Grandson asks his grandfather Grandpa, is it true, that during the WW2 you took down six German planes?Well, grandson, take down is a strong word, let’s say, not fully fueled."
The Actor that plays Pennywise has a security detail comprised entirely of disfigured war vets who maim mall security Skaarsgards scarred guards scars guards
Why was Sir Lancelot too tired to jump over the moat? He didn't get a good knight's leap.Wakka wakka!
my aunt ruth died in a horrible explosion they couldn't even find any body parts to put in the casketthe funeral was ruthless.
It's 80 years since non stick pans were invented (Teflon 1938) Where is the non stick toilet bowl?
What’s the most popular form of photography in American high schools? Point and shoot.
What kind of plant do ghosts like to hide behind? BamBOO!
There's a guy in town who walks around talking to himself using only figurative language. We call him the Village Idiom.
I’m on this great new drug to control my Tourette Syndrome. I swear by it.
What did Master Yoda say when he first saw himself in 4k resolution? HDMI
"I was an accountant I was an accountant from age 22 to 35, when because of office politics, I was sacked for no reason. What a waste of 15 years."
Do you know why the Reddit Dragon is yellow? It's got bananas for scales
I just lost my virginity. The experience changed me completely. It absolutely altered my self-image.It's like I have entered another body.
"Americans have a strange dialect. It's all ""sneakers"" instead of ""trainers""...... and ""sweater"" instead of ""jumper""...... and ""shooting range"" instead of ""high school""..."
Don't joke about power outages That's just dark humor
I really like vaping... It's a good way to blow off steam
"Saw an old friend yesterday. As a joke I grabbed his hand and made him hit him self while I joked, ""Why are you hiring yourself? Stop hitting yourself!"" His wife screamed and cried and the funeral director asked me to leave. Goddamn Philistines...."
Why doesn't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken cums in another box.
"My friend joined a cult. They believe that one day they will cease to exist in their human form, and become water vapor. I told him, ""you will be mist""."
I don’t think Edward Norton play a good Frodo Baggins. But Elijah Wood*disclaimer* I tried to put this on r/dumbjokes but they’re unreasonably fickle.
She kept saying that the Earth was flat while the elevator we were in kept going up. She was wrong on so many levels
What do you call a convict with a debilitating skin disease? A Leper  Con
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he *neverlands*
Did you hear the one about the giraffe who learned Karate? He looked like a fucking idiot.
"If I die young, I want my girlfriend to cast my ashes headwind Because she never let me come on her face before."
"One night stand A guy finishes up banging a girl he just met at a bar.  He says ""If I had known you were a virgin I would have taken it a little easier.""The woman says ""If I had known you were in such a hurry I would have taken my pantyhose off."""
"I recently saw one of those animated pornos that basically makes fictional characters have sex. This one was about a certain famous, big superhero guy in red with an 'i' on his shirt, I can't remember his name. Anyway, the film was surprisingly good and left me thinking, 'that's just fucking incredible'."
"I got this new recipe app. I am having issues with the security. I want my password to be BeefStew, but the app keeps telling me it’s not stroganoff."
"German tourist visits Poland Guy at the airport: Nationality?German dude: GermanGuy at the airport: Occupation?German dude: Nein, nein, only vacation."
What do you call an insane crocodile in Mexico? Locodrilo
Did you hear about the billing-clerk who went insane? He began to hear strange and threatening invoices.
"In an ambulance ""can you describe the snake that bit you?""Me: ""yes,  it was like an angry rope"""
What is an ambulance's favorite game console? Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U
Tinfoil: Viserys Targaryen is a hipster. He wore a crown before it was cool.
"Did you know that a giraffes neck is strong enough to support the weight of a human climbing on it? Anyway, I got banned from my local zoo today"
I tried to make a joke about identical frequencies and wave forms. But it really separated the room.I was expecting more coherence.
Two Germans walk into a London pub Two Germans walk into a London pub-2 Martinis please.-Dry?-Nein! ZWEI!
"My wife asked me if I was together with my mother on her deathbed? I answered: Of course, who did you think held the pillow?"
What do you call a fast food company that also manufactures airliners? McDonald's Douglas
"My daughter's boyfriend introduced himself to me and said, 'Hello, sir, I'm David. Nice to meet you.' He put out his hand and I said, 'David, are you nervous?' He said no, so I grabbed his hand, looked him in the eyes, and said, 'Then why are you shaking?'"
Did you know the Pope's favourite scent is Pope-pourri?
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!!
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
Knock knock. Who's there? Dja. Dja who? Knock knock.
Why was the horse so happy? Because he lived in a stable environment.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
What did the termite say after walking into the bar? Is the bar tender here?
"My friend wants to become an archaeologist, but I'm trying to put him off. I'm convinced his life will be in ruins."
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore. 
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
What do you call bears with no ears? B. 
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago. 
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. 
"I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.' "
"One friend complained to another, 'All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.' 'If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?' asked the second friend. 'I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.' "
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals! 
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it. 
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?' 'Walking. JK! Rowling.'  
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now. "
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time "
"This morning, Siri said, 'Don’t call me Shirley.' I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode. "
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids. 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. 
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
"I remember as a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there. "
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef? "
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
What’s a horse’s number one priority when voting? The stable economy! 
"She looked up and whispered, “They’re right behind you'. "
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? 'Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.' "
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows. 
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up. 
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let’s make this interesting.' So we stopped playing chess. "
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
What does a bee use to brush its hair?' 'A honeycomb!' 
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. 
Q: How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? A: Eclipse it 
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. 'That's my stepladder,' he said. 'I never knew my real ladder.' "
"I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house… but the kids still get in. "
"I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.' "
How does a hurricane see? With one eye. 
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around. "
How do you make the number one disappear? You add “g' and it’s GONE 
"Niece: I have a lot of friends named Nathan, there’s Nathan…(endless droning about nicknames). Me: When they are together, do you call them The United Nathans? "
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. 
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.' 
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
"What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!"
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
"I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking."
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body."
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it."
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
What did the blanket say to the bed? I’ve got you covered.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What happened to the lost beef shipment? Nobody's herd.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them."
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now.
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
"I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet."
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
"“I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.”"
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light.
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
"Have you heard the joke about the butter? I better not tell you, it might spread!"
Can I watch TV? Yes but don't turn it on.
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care."
Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
"I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet."
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
"I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it."
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
Without geometry life is pointless.
"A man holding a violin asks a stranger how to get to the concert hall. Practise, practise, practise"
What lies on its back a hundred feet in the air? A centipede.
"I'm starting a group to play basketball and then discuss philosophy It's called ""shoot first, ask questions later"""
A week ago my Jeep broke down and I had to scrap it Today I found out my friend got the exact same model Jeep.I'm pretty sure its a reincarnation
"Here's an old one. Who curses the most in Star Wars? R2-D2, everything he says is bleeped out."
People keep talking about black holes I guess they have a lot of mass appeal.
Did you hear about the police seige at the donut factory robbery? The bad guys came out with all buns glazing.
"My boss calls me ""The computer"" Not because of my calculation skills but because I go to sleep when left unattended for 15 minutes."
Why do Gorillas have large nostrils? Why do Gorillas have large nostrils?Fat Fingers.
"(Nerdy joke) Two chicks walk into a bar... Two chicks walk into a bar. One says to the other,""Have you ever heard of the Bechdel test?"" The other says,""Yeah, my boyfriend was telling me about it the other day."""
"Got home unannounced from college to find my parents had taken a vacation and not left the keys behind. Not a problem though, all I’ve got to do is talk to the door lock... ... because communication is key"
"When i was your age everything was in black and white. Schools, fountains, bathrooms, everything."
"With the second lockdown looming, I saw a man purchase 3 crates of San Miguel, 2 bottles of tequila, 6 bags of paella and a sombrero. I think hispanic buying."
Those childhood days(real incident) I am sharing my childhood event and this makes me laughs hilariouslyTeacher (on phone): You say Edward has a cold and can’t come to school today? To whom am I speaking?Voice: This is my father.
"Last week, I met a Genie who said he’d grant me one wish, I only had 3 choices:First was a better memory. Second was a larger penis. Third was… well I can’t remember what the third choice was."
Where do actors that don't pay taxes perform? in the audit-orium
"In Hollywood, all facts are supposed to be taken with a grain of... Coke"
It's tradition in my family that we always have a Christmas jumper. It's my job to talk them down.
I look forward to hearing Michelle Obama's speech again. At the 2020 RNC.
Did you hear Oral-B and Queen Latifah are making a toothbrush together? It’s called clean-ya-teefah!
The current pandemic has caused the price of deer meat to reach all time lows. Deer testicles are under a buck.
"You're driving down the highway on a jet ski, when a wheel falls off. How many pancakes does it take to cover a doghouse? Purple, cuz Ice Cream has no bones....Has anyone heard a version of this before?"
"What is the name of Daniel Craig's last movie? Probably, ""Bond Voyage."""
My roommate in college always gave us advice on what drugs to try on different holidays. He was the original trip advisor.
"After I got my school photo taken, I told them I only wanted the one poster sized print developed. They asked, “Are you sure you wouldn’t be interested in exploring some of the packages with wallet and postcard sizes with multiple...” I had to cut them off and let them know that, “I’m really just a big picture person.”"
"Bob gets home and tells his wife he just got a parking ticket for $2,000. She says “$2,000? Where the hell did you park?”“On a person.”"
Did anybody see the article about the leopard whose fur was bleached solid white? It was recently spotted
"If USB ports could talk, they'd only ask one question. Is it in yet?"
What do you call a pile of kittens? A meowntain!
I was feeling very rundown and tired when suddenly a muscular little person grabbed both of my legs and lifted me into the air with ease. I instantly felt refreshed! I guess I just needed a little pick-me-up.
Why won't I ever make a water feature on top of a mountain where a lot of baby horses are buried? My mom taught me to never make fountains out of foal hills
"The convicted Australian criminal Mark ""Chopper"" Reid, who had his ears cut off in prison, wrote a book called No Tears for a Tough Guy. Maybe it should've been called No Ears for a Tough Guy."
"So my mate has started dating twins! I asked him the other day ""how do you tell them apart?""He said ""Well, Stacy is the blonde with a perfect ass, great tits, and a fantastic figure...... And Brian's got a cock"""
What do you call it when Chinese soup almost falls off a table? Wonton endangerment.
They always told me to put 5 colors on my plate to stay healthy. So how did I get diabetes on my M&M only diet?
My wife has been secretly storing plenty of graph paper inside her closet. I bet she is plotting something against me.
"A robber pulled a gun on the bank clerk and manager saying, “Give me all the money! I need it to set myself up in a trade or profession. You know, initial investment is needed to cover the overheads until my cash flow is established.” The bank manager said to the clerk, “You’d better do what he says, I think he means business.”"
[joke about Minecraft] Why can’t the Ender Dragon read a book? Because she always starts at the End.
"If I were a flower, I’d be a dandelion Because I was created for you to blow me"
If giraffes could read books I bet they wouldn't be able to stop at just one. . . . what with them being two-story animals and all.
My therapist told me to write letters to the people I hate and burn them I did the latter. Now what do I do with the letters?
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
"The Beach Boys walk into a bar ""Round?""""Round?""""Get a round""""I get a round?""""Get a round...""""Fuck off"" said the bababa bababarman."
If you ever get locked out of your house... Talk to your lock calmly.  Communication is key.
"What did the cockroach say to the man who wanted to squash it? “You are just jealous, because I can make your wife scream louder than you can”"
You know that stack of fast-food napkins in your glove box? Now it's their time to shine!
"What do you call it when one German WWII soldier lies to you, then another, then two lie to you, then three tell you a lie, then five lie to you, then eight, then thirteen.... A fibbin' Nazi sequence"
"Breaking News: Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan and North Korea to send a joint expeditionary force... ...to Washington D.C. in order to bring peace, democracy and the rule of law to the troubled nation of United States of America."
"If there was a television series about a Deadhead surgeon, what would it be called? A: Touch Of Grey's Anatomy."
I was just driving past a dog food factory and it smelled really good. Now I want Arby’s.
Why are skeletons such bad liars? You can see right through them.
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
"Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog."
What does a karate master get rewarded with while driving? A seat belt.
Why did the belt get arrested? He held up a pair of pants.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
"What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of coordination? ""Hand eeeeeyeeeee......"""
Why can't you trust anything balloons say? They're full of hot air.
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It's a good thing he drives a Civic."
Where do monsters like to party? At the g-rave-yard.
What’s the easiest way to burn 1000 calories? Leave the pizza in the oven. 
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals! 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi. 
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.' 
How do you make 7 even?' 'Take away the s.' 
"I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.' "
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. 'That's my stepladder,' he said. 'I never knew my real ladder.' "
"One friend complained to another, 'All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.' 'If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?' asked the second friend. 'I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.' "
"My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle. "
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two… "
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
"Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother… Sudden Lee. "
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.' 
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!' "
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf "
It’s brave to admit you have an STD. Always clap for those folks! 
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now. "
"Teacher: “There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool. ' Johnny: “So, what are the words? ' "
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!' 
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor. 
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream. 
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago. 
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. 
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
I was researching about Atheism. Turns out it’s a non-prophet organization. 
"In a freak accident today, a photographer was killed when a huge lump of cheddar landed on him. To be fair, the people who were being photographed did try to warn him. "
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face? 
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.' 
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball. 
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now. 
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels. 
"Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession. "
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark. 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest! 
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this 
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.' 
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck.  
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper. 
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke. "
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?' 'Sofishticated.' 
What do you call a beehive without an exit? UnBeeLeaveable! 
"How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor."
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
What did the pepperoni say walking out of the hospital? I’m cured!
She said I won’t be able to make it.
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
What's Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
She said I won’t be able to make it.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggy.
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
What do astronauts eat for protein? Launch Meat.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice.
"Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold."
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest."
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
What does a squirrel and a cigarette have in common? They’re both safe until you light them on fire and put them in your mouth.
The guy from the damn Daniel vine was arrested for kidnapping children. You could say that he was back at it again with the white vans.
My dentist told me I'm right on the brink of having tooth decay He said the situation was precarious.
"I used to sell cookware, but that didn't pan out. So I've switched to selling underwear for a brief time."
"Garden shears will never be outdated. After all, it's cutting-hedge technology."
I dumped my girlfriend and started reading a geography book. At least I know where I stand now.
Wendy’s has the Baconator and a smaller Baconator called Son of Baconator There is also a secret menu item called Stepson of Baconator where Wendy’s finds a burger and ignores it for 10 years while banging its mom.
My family is so generous... They installed hardwood in my dining room.  I was floored.
2020 has been brutal this year Now it's just Ruthless
"I heard a woman on the street today tell her boyfriend “ALL MEN ARE DOGS!” during an argument.... But for some reason she wasn’t very happy when I asked if I could pet him.And anyways, it was pretty irresponsible to have him off leash and all."
I wanted to take ownership of a building shaped like a triangle. But I couldn’t get anyone to cosine.
"Shopping for Melons My wife sent me to the supermarket with a grocery list, but when I unfolded and read it, all it said was ""melons"". I guess it was the honey dew list."
"Pouring rain, New York City. A drunk hails a cab. Cabbie rolls down the windo, the drunk man says ""hey mister, do you gave room for half a chicken and a six-pack in here""?Annoyed, the cabbie says ""sure""the drunk says BLUGHHHHHH"
"Two flies are sat on a dog poo. One of them breaks wind, and the other says…. Do you mind! I’m eating!"
"An old friend of mine married a young girl As we’re not exactly young ourselves, I was curious how he held up, and asked him how often they had sex. “Almost every day,” he said.“Almost every day?!” I exclaimed.“Yes, almost on Monday, almost on Tuesday, almost on Wednesday...”"
What do you call a farmer without a tractor? fuck the joke let’s help him find it.
Did you know that the Earth’s gravity increases a bit on Easter Sunday? It’s cuz there’s a lot more mass.
I love being a butcher. It makes it easy to meat people.
which TV/movie character can use the power of the force and the power of potassium? Bananakin Skywalker!
"A Mortal Kombat character walks into a store.. Employee: ""Finding everything okay, sir?""Character: ""Yes, I'm just Lui Kang."""
I don’t have a problem with most ancient gods and the like... but that Pan really gets my goat.
"I saw two movies this weekend. One was about a crazy person who fought crime in their underwear, and the other was Captain Underpants."
"What do you call a long, skinny fish wearing makeup and a suit of armor? Pretty Sir Eel"
The worst part about being a giraffe is having a lot of time to think about your mistakes when you’re sinking into quicksand.Credit. The Joke Cafe
A movie studio is casting roles for a documentary about classical musicians. Tom Cruise says “I’ll play the part of Mozart” Liam Neeson says “I’ll make a great Beethoven”Arnold Schwarzenegger says “I’ll be Bach”
"Why was Santa disappointed that he got a sweater for Christmas? Because he wanted a squirter, or at least screamer."
"A butcher is 5 ft 3 inches tall, what does he weigh? Meat"
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse!
My Amish girlfriend only likes missionary sex. I tried to get her to try other positions. But all she does is cum plain.
"Who has better beer: Rabbits or Kangaroos? Kanagaroos. While they both do great with the hops, Kangaroos just have a little more kick!"
What is common between Reddit and China? They both don't like opinions.
This is the Alaska State Police. Where were you during the night of November 14th to February 12th?
"A policeman sees a beat-up man lying on the street He asks: ,,Were you assaulted?"",,Yeah, I was."",,Can you tell me what the assailant looked like?"",,Yes, I told him that right before he punched me."""
"When I die, I want to be cremated in a restaurant. That way, y'all can take eggs, cream, and a pie crust and quiche my ash."
"A husband says to his wife, “My Olympic condoms have arrived. I think I’ll wear Gold tonight.” A husband says to his wife, “My Olympic condoms have arrived. I think I’ll wear Gold tonight.”The wife replies, “Why not wear silver and come second for a change?”"
What sort of dice has its opinions formed by preconceived notions? A prejudice
What did the scientist said after mixing oxygen and magnesium? O Mg
"The difference between men and women What's the biggest difference between men and women?What they mean when saying ""I got through a whole box of tissues watching that film"""
"I find it ironic that the colors red, white and blue stand for freedom..... Until they are flashing behind you!"
"Always carry some fiber cable with you when hiking If you get lost, just bury it in the ground. A backhoe will be along shortly to cut the cable, and you can ask for directions."
"Why do fish form schools, but ants form colonies? Cause *truants* don't go to school!(I came up with this right now)"
"What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when asked about not upgrading to Windows 10 ? ""I still love Vista, baby""."
What do you call a fast food company that also manufactures airliners? McDonald's Douglas
"Saw a fat chick wearing a shirt that said “guess” So I said about 340, now she wants to fight"
My girlfriend just dumped me because of my superman comic collection. She said I have too many issues.
What's a hyena's favorite cookie? Snickerdoodle
What’s the difference between putting a microchip in a snail and punching a grasshopper in the face? One is bugging a slug.The other is slugging a bug
What do you call a mosquito sitting on your wife's cheek? A golden opportunity
"What should you do if you come across a man eating crocodile? Wipe it off, apologize, and leave him to finish his exotic meal in peace."
"A new disease in France turns people into bread. French authorities are unable to contain the spread, and the disease begins to make its way through Europe and to the rest of the world. It's a paindemic."
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
How do ghosts search the web? They use ghoul-gle.
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs.
How does a scarecrow drink his juice? With a straw!
"Ladies, if he can't appreciate your fruit puns, you need to let that mango."
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
"Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: ""Does this taste funny to you?"""
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you're a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called."
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
Why are Saturday and Sunday the strongest days? They aren't weak-days.
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family. 
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care. "
"Can February March? No, but April May!' "
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll. "
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm. 
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology. 
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered. 
What do you call a hot dog on wheels?' 'Fast food!' 
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick.' 
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty. 
"Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession. "
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh. 
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment. 
What’s Whitney Houston’s favourite type of coordination? “Hand eeeeeyeeeee……' 
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates. "
"Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish. "
What do houses wear? An address. 
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes. "
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.' "
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable. 
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie. 
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.' 
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. 
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.' 
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there. "
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. 
My son has his BA and his MA—but his P­A still supports him. 
My psychiatrist says I have an unhealthy obsession with revenge. We’ll see about that… 
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere! 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. 
What do houses wear? An address. 
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now. 
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right. 
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard. 
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades. 
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef? "
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. 
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work. 
What did the Japanese cannibal eat for dinner? Raw men 
"I was in a grocery store when a man started to throw cheese, butter and yoghurt at me. How Dairy! "
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
I haven’t talked to my wife in a week — I didn’t want to interrupt her.
"Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog."
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
"I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. “Which ear is it?” he asked. “2018,” I replied."
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
What did the exasperated man serve at his barbecue? Sheesh kabobs.
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump."
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
How do you spell “candy” with just two letters? C and Y.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?"
"It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle."
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
How do you measure the mass of an influencer's following? By Instagrams!
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
"I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming."
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
"If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?"
Where do fish keep their money? In a river bank.
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents."
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
"What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!"
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
"A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”"
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective."
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
What do you call two surgeons operating on each other? A paradox
A fisherman was kicked out of his band. They didn’t like the way he was slappin the bass.
What’s the most common reptile found in your toilet? Commodo dragon...
What do you call summer camp for unvaccinated kids? Cemeteries.
"What is toxic at first, but makes life a lot more fun when everyone is used to it? Oxygen"
If God doesn't make mistakes... Then how the heck did I end up here?
What do you call a crocodile on drugs? You call it a crackodile. (I’m sorry)
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a giraffe? A visit from the ethics board an a rescind of your grant.
How often do Jamaican farmers milk their cows? Every udder day
Killer whales are great musicians but there's one instrument they just won't play The orcana
Never go to bars run by male giraffes. They only serve highballs.
What do you call a meeting of the Knights of the Round Table? A *circonference*.
Respect for the fallen I once dated a girl with a tattoo of a poppy on her backside.It was in memory of all those who had died at the front.
"People ask me how I feel about having never caught a heron I tell them, ""I have no egrets."""
Today I found a Youtube channel about moss They told me to lichen subscribe
What's Drake doing on his birthday? An 18 year old.
"Mark zuckerberg and i were in a band once. We gave him a choice to play the melody, the harmony, or display our newsfeed in chronological order. But no matter how much we didn't want him to, he kept insisting, ""I'll go rhythms. """
My pet pig loves soccer. Usually he plays clean but as soon as he’s in mud he’s Messi.
TIL Giraffe penises are 40in. long Which explains their long necks
"In USA being -on the lamb- means: :Running away from the Police, because they committed a crime.  In Wales it means...well, something else."
Policeman: My dog tells me you're on drugs. Me: You're the one with the talking dog!
French Bottled water French bottled water always makes me Wewe !!
"I was cleaning out my closet and found an old pair of jeans on the top shelf. Inside of them was a huge rubber penis. I showed my wife what I found and asked for an explanation. She said, “Honey, you know I never lie.  This way, when I tell you that you have a huge cock in your pants, I’m not lying.”"
A girl asked me if I knew how to tie a noose. I told her that if she came over I could show her the ropes and then we could hang
"Sent to Jail. After getting sent to jail, I spent the next hour being held face down over a table and getting violently fucked up the arse.Sometimes I think my uncle Brian takes Monopoly a bit too seriously..."
"I found a joke recorded in an old book from my great great great great grandfather in 1881 A married woman said to her husband. “You have never taken me to the cemetery.” “No dear,” replied he. “that is a pleasure I have yet in anticipation.”"
"A man walks through the forest with his granddaughter in late May. She spots some berries and asks what they are.„That's blueberries“, he says.„But they're red, grampa!“„That's because they're still green“"
"An engineering student rides up to his fellow engineering student on a bicycle His buddy asks him ""Where did you get the bicycle?""""Crazy story! A beautiful blonde rode up to me in this bike, got off, stripped off all her clothes, and told me ""take what you want!""""""Good choice, the clothes probably wouldn't have fit anyways..."""
What do you call a dinosaur sliding down broke back mountain? A Megasaurus.
"Help, my wife is missing!!! Sergeant at Police Station: What is her height?Husband: Gee, I'm not sure. A little over 170 centermeters tall.Sergeant: Weight?Husband: Don't know. Not slim, not really fat.Sergeant: Color of eyes?Husband: Sort of brown I think. Never ... read more"
They say “when pigs fly” means impossible But how come we have swine flu?
"When I told my parents my wife had come down with the flu, my Dad said, ""Well have you tried euthanasia?""In the background I could hear my Mom yell, ""For the last time Henry, it's pronounced 'Echinacea'! Echinacea'!!!!"
I just caught a gorilla spying on me. I said “there is no need to pry mate”
"A man wanted to marry his sister, but it was illegal in his state. So they bought a house and he installed a single stair out front.Putting a step in front makes it perfectly legal."
What did the doe say when she came out of the forest? I'll never do that for two bucks again
You might be a redneck if... You keep swiping right on your Ancestry DNA matches
"Donald Trump said in an interview that he would consider killing himself if he ever had Alzheimer's Disease. Sadly, the interviewer didn't have the presence of mind to say, ""I know. You've said that already."""
"I will never forget what my wise grandmother used to say to me ""Get out of the way, i'm trying to watch TV!"""
Why did the A go to the bathroom and come out as an E? Because he had a vowel movement.
"I wanted to change my name to Dragon Ball Z... My friend said, ""Wow, that's a lot of papers you have to fill out!""I said ""Yeah, this isn't even my final form!"""
A Chinese takeaway order is about 25 dollars. The price of gas to get there and back is about 3 dollars. Realising that you forgot one of the containers at the shop is riceless.
"250 lbs here on Earth is 94.5 lbs on Mercury No, I'm not fat. I’m just not on the right planet."
Why did the yellow dragon keep slipping? Banana for scale.
What's the difference between jelly and jam? I've never gotten stuck in a traffic jelly!
"To become a minstrel I had to buy dozens of chests, hoping to get a an instrument from one of them. Fuck lute boxes."
What did Jim Carrey say when he wasn’t allowed to have a left handed baseball player on his team? Allllllllllll righty then!
"What happen at after you go to Jack in the box, Dairy Queen and Burger King? You take a royal flush."
One frog turns to the other and says... Time's fun when you're having flies!
"Two guys are playing cards in a nursing home when a naked old lady with a walker goes streaking One guy says, “what was that?”The other guy responds, “I don’t know, but it needed ironing!”"
What's a James Cagney love scene? When he lets the other guy live.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
One of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and roll me down a hill. They were Goodyears!
How can you tell by someone's home if they're a highway robber? All the signs will be there.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
Why did the traffic light turn red? You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street.
What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise? LMAYO.
"Knock knock! Who's there? Boo. Boo who? Don't cry, I'm not that scary!"
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.' 
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. 
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.' 
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. 
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa. 
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now. "
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it. "
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. 
I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer! 
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful! 
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough. "
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right. 
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.' 
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants. 
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved. "
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef? "
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed. 
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe! 
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X. 
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down! 
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst. "
What do you call a mom who turns into a dad? Transparent. 
"Can February March? No, but April May! "
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot. "
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll. "
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved. "
"She looked up and whispered, “They’re right behind you'. "
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me. 
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador. 
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!' 
Where do terrorists go when they die? Everywhere. 
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar. 
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper. 
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear. 
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck.  
"I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house… but the kids still get in. "
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return. "
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Alabama. ' “Anybody with you? ' “Nope. I’m Alabama self.“ "
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker. 
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa. 
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.' 
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
"What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me."
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
"“Today my son asked me, ‘Can I have a bookmark’? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!”"
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life."
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
"Clothes, but no cigar."
Which knight of the round table was the beefiest? Sir loin.
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
I fear for the calendar. It's days are numbered.
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
I tried to make up a joke about ghost but I couldn't. It had plenty of spirit but no body.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor."
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
"My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!"
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
Why are butter jokes so hard to make? Because there is no margarine for error.
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life."
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
"A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”"
"I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it."
"For the past twenty years, I've received a Valentine's card from the same secret admirer. So, I was pretty upset when I didn't get one this year. First my granny dies, now this?"
"Anagram of ""mother in law"" Woman Hitler"
Why did the elephant paint itself lots of different colors. So that it could hide in the crayon box.  Courtesy of my 4 y/o niece.
Did you know that you can get a slice of lemon pie in cuba for $1.50 and in jamaica you can get key lime pie for $1.00? Those are the pie rates of the carribean.
"At school one day, a bully told me I had a face only a mother could love. I went home and found out I was adopted."
I really wish some of the fantasies in 50 shades of grey were real... like how she got a job right out of college.
What do you call a Irish man bouncing off the walls? Rick O Shea
What’s a fisherman’s favorite type of music? Hard bass.
"My tennis coach got really upset at me for how I was re-stringing the equipment. He said... ""STOP MAKING SUCH A RACKET!!"""
I just made a bran cereal with edibles in it High 'n Fibre
"A guy sits down at the bar and orders drink after drink. ""Is everything okay, pal?"" the bartender asks. ""My wife and I got into a fight and she said she wasn’t going to talk to me for a month.” Trying to put a positive spin on things, the bartender says, ""Well, maybe that's kind of a good thing. You know... a little peace and quiet?""""Yeah. But today is the last day...”"
"How do you get two flutes to play in tune? Shoot one of them. How do you get two violins to play in tune? Shoot both of them. How do you get two altos to sing in tune? It doesn’t matter, nobody’s listening."
"Centuries later, key US government buildings still accurately represent the people inside them They're mostly old and white."
"Roses are red, the sky is pink This water tastes funnyNice to meet you I live in flint"
I told a joke about a meat factory to my friends They thought it was well done.I randomly thought of this joke and considering it’s my cake day I thought I’d post it.
"Two criminals break into a drugstore and steal all the Viagra. The store owners call the police and they put out an alert. An officer in the vicinity turns to his partner and says “Alright, we’re looking for two hardened criminals”"
I just finished a book about Edison and the lightbulb. It was a bit of light reading.
What kind of motorcycle has the best sense of humor? Yamahahaha
"Why is it so hard to win a chess match against an Australian? Because the moment they attack your king, it's a check, mate!"
My young daughter is afraid of “the monsters” in her bedroom. So I switched them out for red bull.
My wife always talks like an empty tip jar Such non cents
Knock knock Who's there?AshAsh who?Bless you.
Why is girlfriend one word but best friend is two words? Because your best friend gives you space when you need it.
"Meanwhile At The Pearly Gates Jesus was relieving St Peter at the Pearly Gates. An old man asked for admission.""Name ?"", said Jesus.""Joseph.""""Occupation?""""Carpenter.""Jesus become excited. ""Did you have a son?""""Yes.""""Did he have holes in his wrists and ankles?""""Yes!""... read more"
What did the shark say when it found food after months of hunting? Thank cod
What do you call a kitten crying on the grass in the back yard? A lawn mewer.(I wrote this yesterday).
What do you call an Egyptian doctor? Cairo-practor.
"I shaved off a friends eyebrows a couple weeks ago, he was surprised apparently... ...I couldn't tell."
A new discovery is made pertaining to the ethnicity of Ancient Egyptian Kings Archaeologists have discovered that the kings of Ancient Egypt were in fact black. Upon unwrapping the gold sarcophagus they found the body of a dark chocolate skinned man. The legendary Pharaoh Rocher.
When is it acceptable for a nose to be in a salad? When it’s a snowman’s nose!!
"A broken drum is the best gift for Christmas You just can't beat it.  On the other hand, a wife would be the worst gift because you definitely can..."
How To Climb A Ladder: The Complete Guide Step 1: Step 1Step 2: Step 2Step 3: Step 3Step 4: Step 4Step 5: Step 5
"Ever hear about the million-dollar plan to convert the top floor of The Shard into a restaurant? Man, the steaks were high on that one."
I hate loan sharks. Much better to just buy them outright.
What's the difference between humans and a bullet? Humans miss John Lennon.
"I’m going to freeze myself at a temperature of -273.15 degrees celsius. My friend thinks I’m crazy, but I’ll be 0K."
Never argue with a fictional character Their minds are completely made up
Why did the redneck want to become a paleontologist? He heard they deal with relative dating!
"So I held a race between my farmhands. They ran equally fast, and demanded I determine the winner. However, they both threatened to leave the farm if I declared the other the winner. I felt unable to make a decision. As a matter of fact, my hands were tied.~~it's dumb but at least it's original~~"
"Sand Castle with Grandma Today, I made sand castles with my grandma, but for some reason, everybody freaked out and called the cops on me.Next time, I'll do it away from the cremation center."
Since I like helping the environment and recycling/reusing things I searched for a place with like-minded people. After a few days I finally found where they reuse and recycle almost everything: r/Jokes
Which side of a leopard has more spots? The outside
"I want to open a perfume store... I'd call it: ""Common Scents."""
"Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it."
Why doesn't Chick-fil-a have a double chicken sandwich? 2 chicks together isn't really their thing.
Dairy Queen should have had a Harry Potter promotion. You're a blizzard Dairy.
"Saw a man at the supermarket today who was saying the most nasty things while walking up and down the aisle, picking different kinds of breakfast-food off the shelves, shouting at the boxes and putting them back again. I asked the manager what his problem was. Turns out the guy's a cereal offender."
Someone colored all over the southeast part of my world map That was just downright rude!
"My mother in law bought a talking parrot, but returned it a week later. ""This parrot hasn't spoke a single word."" She complained.""I haven't had a fucking chance to!"" Replied the parrot."
I just got a new cat. I named him Nothing. Because he's orange and Nothing rhymes with orange.
"What goes hahahaha' right before a gigantic crash, but keeps laughing? A monster laughing its head off."
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty.
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, ""Bach, Bach, Bach..."""
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed."
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that's in a baaaaaaaaad moooooooood.
A: Why are peppers the best at archery? B: Because they habanero.
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
"It was a lovely wedding, even the cake was in tiers."
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
Which cat is the least loyal? A cheetah. 
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work. 
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well! 
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough. 
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment. 
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie? 
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5. 
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it. 
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.' 
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, 'When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.' 'Oh yeah?' the son retorts. 'Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.' "
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.' 
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. 
"Dad, can you put the cat out?' 'I didn't know it was on fire.' "
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once. "
    My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly. 
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan. 
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright. "
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs. 
SpongeBob may be the main character of the show. But Patrick is the star. 
"I’m starting a flight company exclusively for bald people, I’ll call it… Receding airlines. "
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie. 
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia.' Man: 'Wait! I can explain everything!' 
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea. 
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands. 
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea. 
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough. "
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical. 
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing. 
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. 'She obviously has COVID,' my wife said. 'Why?' I asked. 'Because she has no taste.' "
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming. 
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer! 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan. 
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used. 
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue. 
What did Adam say to his GF on the 24th of December? It’s Christmas Eve. 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.' 
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it. 
"Two hats were hanging on a hat rack. One said 'You stay here, i'll go on a head'."
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
"I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking."
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”"
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body."
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
What did the late tomato say to the other tomatoes? Don't worry i'll ketchup.
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough."
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “That’s arson.”"
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
England doesn't have a kidney bank. But it does have a Liverpool.
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? “Supplies!”
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
Held a poker night where the buy in was a prime ribeye. I invited my brother but he said the steaks were too high.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time"
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins."
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble."
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective."
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker.
"You’re American when you go into the bathroom, and you’re American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you’re in there? European."
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”"
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them."
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
It was an emotional wedding — even the cake was in tiers.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store.
"What do you put on a lonely grilled cheese sandwich? Provolone, but only if you have it’s parmesan."
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Down the rabbit hole I went down the rabbit hole to find myself.Then I went up the rabbit hole to find myself arrested and banned from the petting zoo.
What is the difference between Russia and reality? Trump had connections with Russia.
The creator of sexual innuendos just passed away His wife is taking it really hard
"Larry La Prise, the creator of the hokey pokey died this week.... Every thing went well with the funeral except putting the body in the casketThey put the left leg in....And then the trouble started"
"I hope someone comes across this distress signal Damn it, I used the wrong flare"
"Social Distancing is so unbelievably stupid If corona came from China, surely it can go another 6ft."
"I don't understand it. My company told all employees to get tested for COVID-19, and to stay home until they get the test results. I got tested and called my boss to tell him I'm coming back to work on Monday. He asked me if I'm sure my test came back negative. I told him I was positive.  He told me to stay home."
I tried really hard to enjoy my job at a shoe factory. But I just didn't fit in.
The finals of any sport World Cup is like cows on an airplane. The steaks have never been higher.
"So much has changed, since my girlfriend told me we were having a girl For instance ;My name Address and phone number."
I wish the “Price is Right” would partner with the Dollar Store. You are CORRECT again! ONE DOLLAR!
My waiter asked me how I like my steak So I told him i like my steak like me winning a argument with my wife.So the waiter said rare it is
I have a joke about biology but you have to dissect it well to understand it.
"What, is a librarians favorite thing to grill during the summer? A shhhhh-kabob"
"It looks like Sean ""Spicy"" Spicer has been replaced with Anthony ""Scary"" Scaramucci I wonder who the next replacement will be ""Sporty"", ""Baby"", ""Ginger"" or ""Posh"""
Why did the one eyed headmaster close down his school.... Because he only had one pupil
What's a mass murderer's favorite article of clothing? Casual T's.
This is the first time I can't go on vacation around the world because of the pandemic. Usually it's because I just can't afford it.
What do you call a Redditor who only posts to r/Jokes on their cake day? An original content creator.
Why are Male Prostitutes' more expensive than Female Prostitutes'? The Price of wood is so damn high.....
The new Ford F-150 comes with a heated tailgate. That way you can keep your hands warm when you're pushing it home in the winter.
"So what's the deal with lampshades? I mean if it's a lamp, why do you want shade ?"
"There are two types of people. Some people only see black and white and refuse to acknowledge shades and complex non-straightforward situations, and the others... no, wait, I've changed my mind."
Are you on the Mediterranean Diet? Because I see a lot turkey and grease.
"First upvotes were enough, then gold and platinum. Now it’s awards. After we build up a tolerance, I can’t wait to try what Reddit scientists are cooking up as the next praise drug."
"A dad was washing his car with his son. After a while, the son finally asked ""Can't you just use the sponge?"""
"Dr: ""I have some good news and some bad news Spiderman. The good news is that the constant tingling sensation isn't your Spidey sense warning you of some huge, impending calamity!"" ""What's the bad news Doc?""""Well son, what do you know about genital herpes?"""
"My buddy just got kicked out of his house. His wife was hinting at Valentine's day plans and asked him if he knew her favorite flower. ""Gold Medal All Purpose"" apparently wasn't the answer."
"I heard about a new genre of book that gives tips on how to please a woman. However, I couldn't find the cliterature."
What do you call a zoo where all the giraffes have colds? Giraffe Sick Park
A physicist sees a young man about to jump off the Empire State Building... He yells ‟Do  not do it! You’ve so much potential!”
I can't stand cheese slices... ...but I respect the Kraft
What do you call a goat that works at a bakery? A battering ram
What do you get when you cross a pig and a dinosaur? Jurassic Pork.
What did the tired dragon make for dinner? Flamin yawn.
Did you hear about the woman who got shot at the protest at the Capitol building? She flew to DC in Delta and came back in Spirit.
Why is a woman thru hiker like a hockey player? They both go three periods before taking a shower.\-- I was told this joke by a woman thru hiker while hiking the Pacific Crest Trail.
"I found a ""Fresh Baked Bread"" scented candle I bought it because I love the smell of fresh bread. But when I lit it, it smelled like toast."
A friend of mine had an idea for a subscription box that came with everything you needed to make something akin to Pita bread but softer and made with yogurt... I had to tell him it was a naan-starter...
BREAKING NEWS: There was an explosion at the local cheese factory! Da Brie is everywhere.
My dad helped me fix my computer today He told me the error code was “One D Ten T”. I didn’t understand what he meant until he told me to write it out. Still don’t get it tho.
I invented a new word. Plagiarism.--- EDIT : This joke was invented by me and copyrighted. Dare to take it and a lawsuit shall find you.
"Fifty Shades of Grey beat the record for fastest selling R-rated movie in history... Well, first it tied the record... then it beat it....[credit goes to the Late Night with Seth Meyers writers]"
"What do you call cancer when it achieves sentience? A reddit mod.(doubt this will prevent it form being deleted and myself banned, but this 'attack' is quite impersonal)"
"After getting the windows on my car tinted black, I showed it to my wife. She said, ""I wouldn't be seen dead in that thing!""I said, ""That's the point."""
If you keep following your dreams... They’re going to file a restraining order.
"Have you heard of that disease that you get from kissing birds? It""s called Chirpes. It's one of those canarial diseases. I hear it's untweetable."
What's the difference between Jam and Jelly? I can't jelly my cock in your ass.
"Given how much damage Trump is doing to the environment... his secret service code name is officially ""Agent Orange""."
"I've once fooled an entire class filled with future Doctors, Lawyers, and scientists... Of course they were all in Kindergarten so it wasn't hard"
Why aren't koalas actual bears? They don't meet the koalafications.
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, No, just leave it in the carton!"
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
"What did the big flower say to the tiny flower? ""Hey there bud!"""
What did the termite say after walking into the bar? Is the bar tender here?
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK! Rowling.
What do you call two witches who live together? Broom mates.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That's the punch line.
What do you call a group of deaf people? I don't know. But it is definitely not heard.
"A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, “What’s with the paper towel? ' The pirate says, “Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head! ' "
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines. 
"At the job interview, they asked me, 'Where do you see yourself in five years?' "
"A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'' "
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue. 
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.' 
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins. "
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
What do you call a hot dog on wheels?' 'Fast food!' 
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I’m going on ahead. 
"Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother… Sudden Lee. "
What did the zero say to the eight?' 'That belt looks good on you.' 
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI. 
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist. "
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now. "
"Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.' "
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space. 
"A son tells his father, 'I have an imaginary girlfriend.' The father sighs and says, 'You know, you could do better.' 'Thanks Dad,' the son says. 'That means a lot.' The father shakes his head and goes, 'I was talking to your girlfriend.' "
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island. 
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke. 
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow. 
"I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.' "
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it! "
Shouldn’t the “roof ' of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? 
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. 'No,' I said. 'It's to look at.' "
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe. 
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems. "
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs. 
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.' 
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.' 
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'What do you want?' The man says, 'Oh, just some fruit punch.' The bartender sighs and shakes his head, 'If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line.' The man looks around, but there is no punchline. "
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. 
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, 'I love you.' 'Is that you or the beer talking?' she asked. I answered, 'It’s me… talking to my beer.' "
What's a robot's favorite snack?' 'Computer chips.' 
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable. "
Where do math teachers go on vacation?' 'Times Square.' 
"Clothes, but no cigar."
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. 
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head. "
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
How do you measure the mass of an influencer's following? By Instagrams!
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
"Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels."
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
"I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head."
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
"“Today my son asked me, ‘Can I have a bookmark’? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!”"
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
"I failed my driving test today. The instructor asked me, “What do you do at a red light?” I said, “I usually check my emails and see what people are up to on Facebook.”"
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
England doesn't have a kidney bank. But it does have a Liverpool.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump."
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
I tried to make up a joke about ghost but I couldn't. It had plenty of spirit but no body.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor."
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck.
Have you heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mainly wrap.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
How do you measure the mass of an influencer's following? By Instagrams!
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
"Me: “Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field.” Son: “So what?” Me: “It’s pasture bedtime.”"
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
"“What’s your name, son?” The principal asked his student. The kid replied, “D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.” “Do you have a stutter?” the principal asked. The student answered, “No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.”"
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
I recently started a literature group for inmates It's got it's prose and cons.
"I hate when people pet baby goats You’re literally touching kids, perverts!"
John Cena gets knocked out during a wrestling match 3 hours later he wakes up in a hospitalJohn: (slowly) Where am I?Nurse: I. C. UJohn: No you can't!!
"My farmer friend used his stimulus to buy baby chickens. He got the money for nothing, and the chicks for free."
"A lorry full of tortoises crashed into a trainload of terrapins, What a turtle disaster."
"Lock down isn't so bad if all the stores close. My dad will finally have to come back from getting cigarettes, he has been gone since 1983."
"What do the colors green, pink, and yellow have in common? The phone rings green....green.....green! So you pink it up and say yellow."
For every Dollar a man makes a woman makes 70 cents. That's really unfair. That only leaves the man with 30c.
What kind of makeup does a sad clown wear? Frowndation.
2020 has a new calendar out JanuaryFebruaryLockdownDecember
"I remember being a kid and my parents filling my head with nonsense, like Santa, the Easter bunny and the Tooth Fairy. Well now that I’m older I don’t fall for that rubbish anymore, thank God."
Why is the forest floor covered in leaf litter? Because nature abhors a vacuum
How did the dog survive a flood? Because it was a good buoy
What language is universal to strippers? Pole-ish
Drinking in IT terms 1 shot= Demo  2 shots= Trial version  5 shots= Personal edition  Half a bottle= Professional Edition  Full bottle= Network Edition  Two bottles= Small Business Edition  Five Bottles= Enterprise Edition  Whole case= C... read more
"The robber waved a gun and warned the bank teller: ""Fill up this bag with cash or else you're geography!"" ""You mean history?"" ""Don't change the subject!"""
A fisherman decided to become a playwriter His first play had strong lines and good casting. It was a reel hit
"A robber pulled a gun on the bank clerk and manager saying, “Give me all the money! I need it to set myself up in a trade or profession. You know, initial investment is needed to cover the overheads until my cash flow is established.” The bank manager said to the clerk, “You’d better do what he says, I think he means business.”"
In Wisconsin a woman donated a kidney to a dairy farmer and he was so grateful he agreed to marry her. The preacher said: “what God has joined let no man put asunder.” The groom interrupted: “what’s asunder?” The preacher said “apart.” The farmer said “a part of what?”  “Apart from your wife” said the now frustrated minister. The groom said “shit! I already got a part from her.”
"I got sick in a small hotel in Madrid. I called to the front desk and they said they had a doctor on staff. After he made me feel better, I told him I was amazed such a small place had a doctor. He nodded and said: ""No one expects te spanish inn physician. """
"Today I asked my daughter for a phone book... She said ""you're such a boomer"" and handed me her phone.  So, now, the spiders dead, my daughters phone is broken, and she's really pissed at me now.."
"Why did the blacksmith get fired.... He smelt like shit, and made a forgery."
Why did the cucumber cross the street? Because it was green.
"Grandma: What's the German guy who's hiding my medicine called? Grandson: Alzheimer's, Grandma, alzhemier's."
Recent study shows that masturbating twice weekly increases life expectancy by 20%. I've done the maths. I am immortal.
2020 is the most popular year on the internet. It went viral.
Siamese cats are a great choice for a cat lover on a budget. You get two for the price of one.
"You usually don't get British Breakfast in Thailand.. but you will ocassionaly find two eggs and a sausage in places, where you were not even hoping for it."
Today I found a Youtube channel about moss They told me to lichen subscribe
"A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel coming out of his zipper... He sets up at the bar and orders a drink. The bar tender says, ""whooaa whoaaa, before I serve you a drink, whats up with the steering wheel coming out of your zipper?"" The pirate just says, ""yaarrg its drivin' me nuts"""
Do you want to know the real reason why Santa is so jolly? Its because he knows who all the naughty chicks are.
what do sport fans eat from? a SOUPer bowl
When my wife was in labor I would tell her jokes to keep her mind off the pain. She wasn't amused though. I think it was the delivery.
"In tragic news, Donald Trump's personal library has burned down Now he will never find out if the caterpillar ever got a good meal"
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Grrrrrainnnnnssss.
You know why Iran's new navy has glass bottom ships...? So they can see the old Iran navy.
LPT for people like me who couldn't breath with a face mask on ....Take it out of the plastic bag first. I haven't felt like I was suffocating since I learned this.
Superman lost all of his money on a digital currency scheme It was his cryptonite.
My blow up doll is ugly as sin But she always manages to take my breath away
"I went to join a health club today and saw a sign on its door that said ‘Look better in 10 days or your money back.’ I then wrote out a check and handed it over to the girl at the front desk. The girl looked at me and said, “Keep it. We’re gonna mail it back to you anyways.”"
"After 6+ years of me and my wife being together, she still gets mad whenever i use her toothbrush So if anyone knows another way to remove dogshit from my sneakers id be happy to hear it"
"A man got cooled to absolute zero temperature. Last heard, he's 0K now."
My dad is see through and used to be a woman. He’s a transparent trans-parent.
"I was thinking of making puns about grain... But most people can *barley* stand it.Yes, I know. That was pretty *corny*. You're probably thinking, ""*Rye* did you do this?"" I'm probably going too *farro* with this. I'm sorry"
"2020 Divided by 5 is 404, So the Whole Year is an Error. And now we have a virus."
"How to let a squirrel go down from a tree? Show him your nuts!(Idk if this is known, my brother told me about this)"
Why does a squirrel's tail grow from it's back? Because there's a squirrel in the front.
Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house
Why didn't the saxophone get fired from his teaching job after multiple accusations of sexual assault? he was a tenure sax
Time is like a mountain It is very difficult to budget
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
My printer's name is Bob Marley. Because it's always jammin'.
"""What's your name, son?"" The principal asked his student. The kid replied, ""D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir."" ""Do you have a stutter?"" the principal asked. The student answered, ""No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk."""
Why do vampires seem sick? They're always coffin.
Why is your nose in the middle of your face? Because it's the scenter.
Why do pancakes always score a bunch of runs in baseball? They have the best batter.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it's full of blades.
Why did the onion get flustered? It saw the salad dressing.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere! 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown. 
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.' 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?' 'A satisfactory.' 
Why is it a bad idea to iron a four leaf clover? Because you shouldn’t press your luck! 
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll. "
"I'll call you later.' Don't call me later, call me Dad. "
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers. "
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?' 'No, but I'll wrestle you for them.' "
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.' 
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner. "
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.' 
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time. 
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted. 
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast. 
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell. 
"Finally my winter fat has gone… Now, I have spring rolls. "
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.' 
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them. "
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?' 'Yellow!' 
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel! 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers. 
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it. 
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. 
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough. "
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, 'This isn't working.' I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine! "
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada. 
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table. 
"A couple of cups of yogurt walk into a country club. “We don’t serve your kind here, ' the bartender says. “Why not? ' one yogurt asks. “We’re cultured. ' "
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
Who is the most lonely billionaire? Alone musk. 
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out. 
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie. 
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now. 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.' "
What is the scariest tree? BamBOO! 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy. "
What do you call a hot dog on wheels?' 'Fast food!' 
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere! 
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos. 
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
"I named my dog “5 miles.' So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.' "
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide.
"Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold."
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents."
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
"A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest."
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…"
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, “I’m getting a divorce,” she was the first one to like it."
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!"
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
"Me: “Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field.” Son: “So what?” Me: “It’s pasture bedtime.”"
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
"My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!"
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
What do astronauts eat for protein? Launch Meat.
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
I told my dad he had to quit smoking. When it came to his health we just couldn’t brisket.
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
What's the difference between a vaccuum and a Harley motorcycle? The vaccuum carries its dirt bag on the inside.
What do you get if you enlarge a centipede to 100x its normal size? A dollarpede.
"If I got 1$ for every geography test I failed I could finally understand that I live in Europe, where these are worthless"
Who would have thought that one day we'd be smoking weed at a family gathering.... .....but the illegal part would be the gathering.
What did aunt jemima say when she ran out of pancakes? Oh how waffle!
The new Call of Duty just got released in Iraq They call it the Sims Note: this technically a repost
What do you call an instigated collection of instruments? An inclination of 1080p music
"Peter Piker When Peter Piker peeked at Penny,And peeped her perfect pooperHis peepers paused and then his jawPlopped down into a stuporBut he perked up and pressed his luck;Professed he pined to pipe her He self-composed and then proposedWhile poin... read more"
I went to see if my laser eye surgeon was any good I don’t see any problems now
"I think Pfizer got their drugs mixed up... I got the Covid vaccine, but now when I cough I get an erectipn."
"I had plans to go to the beach today, but the skies are cloudy and it is raining It's really irrigating..."
Rene De Carte Walks into A Bar Rene Descarte walks into a bar.The bartender asked if he wanted a drink.Descarte responded with “I think not”Descarte  disappearsEdited: fixed name
"Beggars are like mosquitos... You hope for cold weather, so they will stop bothering you."
"Today at the gym, i asked a girl what her new year's resolution was She said ''Fuck you''so i'm pretty excited for 2022"
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind...it's tearable
What happens when a question mark and an exclamation mark love each other very much? They [interrobang!](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interrobang)
How to you piss off a writer? The list off ways is to long too fit hear.
"An accountant opens up their spreadsheet, only to find all the numbers missing. Their cat is sitting by the desk, looking smug. I dont know why they're so suprised, cats are good at knocking things off tables."
What is Ravioli's favourite party game? Pasta parcel
A stomach was sad... because everything it tried to make turned out to be shit.
What's does Drum and Bass have in common with my crying son? 160 beats per minute
"Survival tip! When ever my son goes snowboarding, I make him stuff hotbdogs in his pockets...So the rescue dogs will find him first!"
"Did you hear about the California owl conspiracy network? They're calling themselves the ""ca-hoots""."
"""Why was the slab of marble upset?"" ""He was tired of everyone mistaking him for granite."""
"My grandfather inspired me to be a writer He died choking on a peanut butter sandwich. I will never forget his last words: ""Happy pen... happy pen..."""
"I called the suicide hotline in Iraq. I told the operator that lately I've been having suicidal thoughts. Operator: ""Great! Can you drive a truck?"""
[NSFW?] A kid rabbit came back from school looking very happy. Father Rabbit: Why does Junior look so happy today?Mother Rabbit: Because they taught the students how to multiply.
Had a conversation with a Miner about the effects it had on the environment. The conversation got rocky.
I bought some pantyhose but they kept telling me climate change wasn't real I should have checked the Denier rating
"What's the difference between a security guard and a butcher? One stays awake, the other weighs a steak"
"Ruth just dumped me. Told me I was too uptight. Well, now I'm Ruthless."
What do you call a rapper with flatulence? 50 scents.
"There was a marking on the road that said ""Taxi Rank"" and a driver pulled into it. After assessing the car, I tapped on the window and he wound it down.I said, ""Hello, pal. I'd give your taxi a 7/10."""
Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
How do Knights communicate ? Chain mail
Did you see the new youtube channel that's non stop footage of gorillas opening bananas? It's super ape peeling.
"I was driving my son to pre-school and he was having fun making dinosaur sounds. ""ROAR!"" he yelled. ""What dinosaur is that?"" I asked.""T Rex!""Then he said, ""HONK!""""What dinosaur is that?"" I asked with a chuckle.""Triceratops,"" he said.""Why does a Triceratops honk?""And he said, ""Because it has horns!"""
It’s a little known fact that superstar actor Yul Brynner was a huge Liverpool F.C fan. He also refused to use aftershave as it made his skin come up in hives..... Yul never wore cologne!
"Two surgeons are in an operating room... One has a large cut. The second surgeon asks “would you like me to stitch that up for you?”The first surgeon says “no thanks, I’d prefer to close my own wound”The second surgeon replies “suture self”"
What is the average internal body temperature of a Tauntaun Luke Warm
I caught my son chewing an electric wire. He is grounded now.
"It's big, pink and hard first thing in the morning, and sometimes I get my wife to help me with it. Anybody else like the *Financial Times* crossword?"
I've had some pain in my stomach ever since I ate those Radiohead and Arctic Monkeys CDs. I think I've got indiegestion.
Reddit has gone fully green to help the environment. Their front page is made of 100% recycled material.
"You ever notice that all Dillards are basically the same and only exist in malls? You know what they say though... ...when you've seen one Dillards, you've seen a mall."
Two kittens are sitting at the edge of a slide. Which falls first? The one with the lower mu
"In the old days, when you illegally downloaded music it would transfer everything but the drum tracks, so you’d have to duplicate those on your own. That’s why they say you can’t steal music without repercussion."
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
"At the weekend, I like to play chess with elderly men in the park. But it's becoming increasingly harder.. ..to find exactly 32 of them."
"Despite CDC guidelines, there's no reason to worry about people not covering their noses with their masks. They're mouth-breathers anyway."
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
Why did Karen press Ctrl+Shift+Delete? Because she wanted to see the task manager.
Which state gives you the smallest beverages? Minnesota.
What do you call malware on a Kindle? A bookworm.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker.
"My 3-year-old son said, ""Put my shoes on."" I told him, ""I think my feet are too big."""
I had a fun childhood. My dad used to push me down the hill in old tires. They were Goodyears.
Why was the dad sitting on a pack of playing cards? His kid asked him to sit on the deck.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can't jump.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. 
    My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly. 
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. 
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes. 
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. 
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday! 
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.' 
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system. 
Why do old plumbers only clean sewer lines during the day? 
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up. 
"A brain walks into a bar and takes a seat. “I’d like some wings and a pint of beer, please, ' he says. “Sorry, but I can’t serve you, ' the bartender replies. “You’re out of your head. ' "
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key. 
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist. "
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison! 
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?' 'Sofishticated.' 
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater. "
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?' 'Sofishticated.' 
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing. 
"Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother… Sudden Lee. "
What do you call a zombie who cooks stir fries? Dead man wok-ing 
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical. 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends. 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'What do you want?' The man says, 'Oh, just some fruit punch.' The bartender sighs and shakes his head, 'If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line.' The man looks around, but there is no punchline. "
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it. 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac? 
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste! 
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows. 
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns. 
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered. 
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
Why is the letter A like a flower? Because a “b' comes after it! 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. "
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.' "
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March. 
What's a robot's favorite snack?' 'Computer chips.' 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together. 
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them. 
"I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find was 401 matches… "
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time. 
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist. "
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own set of scales.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch.
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light.
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints.
"“I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.”"
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line."
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “That’s arson.”"
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes."
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
England doesn't have a kidney bank. But it does have a Liverpool.
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
"The past, present and future walked into a bar. It was tense."
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
"I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”"
"It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle."
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
What kind of magic do cows believe in? Moodoo!
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice.
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!"
A policy officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other off.
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
I’m getting really good at beating computers Captcha thinks I’m not even human
You know the difference between a woman attending Sunday morning mass and a woman taking a Friday night bath? One has hope in her soul; the other has soap in her hole.
What do you say when a gorilla rips you off? Ask for your silverback.
"Self analysis If you don't know what that is then you need to take a hard, long look at yourself"
"In tragic news, Donald Trump's personal library has burned down Now he will never find out if the caterpillar ever got a good meal"
"I’m glad # is not called pound anymore. Otherwise, the #metoo movement would be sending the wrong message."
"""Would you be interested in contributing to our Sperm Foundation Fund?"" No thanks, I gave at the office."
"Not to brag, but I recently aced the drug test at work. Nobody got higher than me."
What part of a flower is the brightest? The light bulb.
How did Juliet maintain constant temperature? Romeostasis.
"When I was a kid I used to think I was The Messiah. Every time my dad said something, it started with ""Jesus Christ!""."
Why cant a mosquito stand on his feet? because they dont have mosquiTOES.
Why did the police catch the murder of the geometry teacher? They investigated it from all angles
"When I was younger, I used to go to the store with a dollar, and come out with a pop, a bag of chips and a pack of gums... Now, they have cameras."
"In an attempt to boost morale, my office threw a 'Christmas in July' event today. I got to talking to my coworker from Beijing and asked him, ""Why don't Chinese kids believe in Santa Claus?"" He confided in me... ""Because they make the toys."""
Why did the fisherman commit suicide when the last dolphin died? Because his life had no porpoise.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field? A babooooom!
I know why this entire country has gotten so cold. It's because Trump stopped blowing hot air that kept all of us warm.
We should send all of Earth's politicians to colonize Mars. All that hot air would make it habitible quickly!
I'd like to get the rights to show Miami Vice backwards I'd call it Miami Vice Versa
Why can't your nose be  inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Today at the butchers I fell into a pile of animal guts. It was offal!
Why did the horny rebellion only last two minutes? Because everyone came
I took a novel around Romania with me but it got tired. So I gave the Bucharest
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
How did the paramedics know Paul Walker had clean hair? They found his head and shoulders in the glove box
"Here's a tip! If your phone autocorrects ""fuck"" to ""duck"", don't bother correcting it... It's still fowl language."
Why should we be lenient on drug abusers with lisps? All they did was meth up.
A childhood classic my dad used to tell me: Q. Why was a frog flying?A. Because he ate a helium baloon.Q. Then why was a snake flying?A. Because it ate the flying frog.Q. Then why was the eagle flying?A. Because it has wings
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
What position did Jesus play on his baseball team? Pitcher. He gave his sermon on the mound.
Whenever I do crown molding I can never get the corners to match up quite right I guess I have coping issues.
"Two blonds are sitting on a park bench at night looking at the moon... One leans to the other and says ""Which do you think is closer: Florida or the moon?""The other blond says ""Obviously the moon. You can't see Florida."""
What do you call a peanut butter jelly sandwich in Flint MI? Pb and j
"Men in black. After years of serving MIB, agent K, 69, found himself too old to deal with an alien drug lord. He decided to seek help from his younger self. Why did he travel to sixty years ago? K, 9."
Why was the overweight kid proud of his family's criminal history? He kept being told stories of how his grandfather and father were both big men and everyone knew they were well hung.
"A Jumper Cable Walks Into a Bar The Bartender say, ""I'll serve you, but don't start anything!"""
"Doctor, doctor, I can't stop wearing transparent underpants. Well, I can clearly see your nuts."
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniel's? Jack is still killing Indians.
What is Michael Jackson's favorite lunchtime meal? Grilled Chee-heese
"Mom finds a large number of BDSM magazines beneath her sons bed. Calls her husband up to the room to show him and discuss.""What do you think we should do?"" she asks.Father frowns and responds ""Well I guess spanking him is out of the question"""
"We always called our teacher Turtle Because he Tortoise (Taught us).Told by my 7 year old boy, so be gentle."
"Man: Judge, I want to contest 80% of my parking tickets. Judge: Repeat infractions?Man: Ok. I want to contest 4/5 of my parking tickets."
What's one thing you need to watch out for during a Jewish hurricane? The flying de-bris
"A mother in law said to her son's wife when their baby was born: ""I don't mean to be rude but he doesn't look anything like my son."" The daughter-in-law lifted her skirt and said: ""I don't mean to be rude either, but this is a pussy, not a fucking photo-copier."""
Almost no one knows what the initials T and S stand for in T.S. Eliot’s name. It’s Top Secret.
AITA for mixing up orders and serving a vegan customer a meat sandwich? Oops wrong sub
What do you call a mythical milkshake? Legendairy(credits to my friend Edward Feng for this really dumb pun)
Rich people have... Rich people have colon cleansesPoor people have taco bell
"A man gets himself a date and decides to surprise the girl with some flowers. He walks into a flower shop and the florist asks ""Hey, what are you looking for, specifically?""The man says ""To have sex"""
How do you get rid of demons? Exorcise a lot.
I really dislike the constant advertisement from the municipality that always sticks under my screen wiper.
What is the scariest tree? BamBOO!
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
Why should you never mention the number 288? It's two gross.
Some people can't distinguish between etymology and entomology. They bug me in ways I can't put into words.
What is a mummy's favorite food? Wraps.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
"If you spell the words ""Absolutely Nothing"" backwards, you get ""Gnihton Yletulosba,"" which ironically means...Absolutely nothing."
I'm friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don't know Y.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya! 
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest! 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. 
It’s because they can’t see sh!t at night. 
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. 
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him. 
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. 
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough. 
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line. 
How do you get a good price on a sled?' 'You have toboggan.' 
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
"Q: If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? A: Missile toe. "
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.' "
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work. 
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up. "
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian. 
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents. "
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
What do you call Father Christmas in an orange suit? Fanta Claus. 
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
"My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point. "
"I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find was 401 matches… "
What do you call a beehive without an exit? UnBeeLeaveable! 
How does the moon cut his hair?' 'Eclipse it.' 
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.' 
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
"Can February March? No, but April May!' "
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful. 
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know? 
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough. 
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation?' 'Times Square.' 
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump. "
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.' 
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.' "
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now. 
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.' 
Q: How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? A: Eclipse it 
What do houses wear? An address.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. ""I never knew my real ladder.”"
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective."
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time.
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
"When a toddler reaches the ""why?"" stage, it's like opening a bottle of champagne—once it's uncorked, there's no going back."
What did the pecan say to the walnut it was chasing? I’ll cashew eventually!
"""Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia."" Man: ""Wait! I can explain everything!"""
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst."
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I’m coming down with something.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
What happened to the lost beef shipment? Nobody's herd.
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a ""Get Well Soon"" card."
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
"I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”"
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
I haven't spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her!
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
"“I saw a 1,000-year-old oil stain; it was from ancient Greece.”"
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
"I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!"
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store.
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
"I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around."
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
"Clothes, but no cigar."
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
What do astronauts eat for protein? Launch Meat.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
"The past, present and future walked into a bar. It was tense."
"Yankee candle, known for its fragranced candle line of products has revealed it is making an odourless candle for the first time ever It makes no scents"
Did you hear Buffalo Bill reformed and is now a pick up artist and skin care specialist? He puts the lotion in the basket and then he gets the hoes again
All music classes were banned at my school... They said the classes encouraged too much sax and violins...
How do you keep a violin from being stolen? Put it in a viola case.
A guy I wanted to date demanded I disclose my bust size first He said he only deals with known quantitties.
"Two goats are married, living on a farm. Billy Goat says, ""I really want children. Let's make some babies."" Betty Goat responds, ""Hell no. No baby goats for me..."" ""I'm not kidding."""
My favorite childhood memory was building sandcastles with my grandmother until my mom took the urn from me.
Do you have brain cancer? Just stop having brain cancer! It's all in your head!
"My son asked me if I wanted him to lightly water my lawn. I said, “just dew it.”"
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
All music classes were banned at my school... They said the classes encouraged too much sax and violins...
"“You’re the bomb!” “No, you’re the bomb!” In America, a compliment. In the Middle East, an argument."
How do you measure an idea? In ideograms.
"A wife calls her husband. ""The plumber is gonna come in 7, to fix the clogged sink.""""Oh no. You think he's still angry at me from the last time?""""What happened last time?""""He said he's here to replace the toilet. So I pissed on him"""
What do you call a set of wires that like to communicate moral based children’s stories? Aesop’s Cables
The COVID-19 event has made me significantly more likely to get laid Off
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
Why did the guy want to ride a horse while eating salad? Because he loved the ranch
What did the tired dragon make for dinner? Flamin yawn.
Since vegans can't beat their meat what do they call masturbating? Stem cell research.
Why was the other bread jealous of the flat bread that started his own business? He was a self made naan
"Dad, can you put the cat out I didn't know it was on fire."
"Why couldn't the Clam make new friends? It's not because he was too shellfish, I think he just never opened up."
Great dynasties of history Egypt: AyyubidSouth Africa: ZuluChina: MingGreece: HelenaItaly: Medici U.S.: Duck
Internet Explorer is so slow in catching up that... Microsoft Edge had to go back in time to tell Internet Explorer that it has been replaced
An award given unexpectedly to only Knighted Men: The sir prize.Please feel free to improve this one >\_<
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her? She found another woman's lipstick on his knuckles
"Marie Kondo says to donate anything that doesn't spark joy, but The Salvation Army says that amounts to human trafficking."
My son was upset that I gave all his toys to the orphanage. I just didn't want him to get bored over there.
"I ordered some Avocado Toast at a cafe, but imagine my surprise when I was given 602214076000000000000000 pieces of toasts. It was then I realized... ...I'd accidentally ordered Avogadro's Toast."
What is Peppa Pig's favourite food? Her favourite food is Peppa-roni
My daughters boyfriend still doesn't know how to tie his shoes... Every time I walk in her room that's all she's doing.
What do you call the chances of finding a kitten among a litter of puppies? The PUSSYbility
"A German man visiting France He's stopped at customs. The officer asks him, ""Name?""""Hans Muller"" replies the German.""Occupation?""""No, just visiting this time."""
What do you call a demon clown that is good with small amounts of money? Pennywise.
I’m a proud American! I bleed red white and blue because I can’t afford to go to the hospital and find out what the hell is wrong with me!
"""Hey, Bill, what do you think of this new super-hero comic I'm working on? It's about an ant-size tangent line that has x-ray vision."" ""Sounds cool, but isn't that a little derivative?"""
It's tradition in my family that we always have a Christmas jumper. It's my job to talk them down.
You wouldn't be able to be a comedian in space Because there is no atmosphere
I'm a chick magnet The repelling type
"Trump said global warming was a hoax and he could easily make temperatures ""the lowest ever recorded"" this summer. So he switched the US to Celsius."
"I tried to find volunteers for a tug of war game during a party, but failed miserably The good players just won't come forward."
"As a security guard, my Boss said my job is to watch the office I’m on season 6 so far, and not sure what this has to do with security."
"I really doubt Canada will invest significantly in space exploration, but I’ll believe it if they... ...show me the moon, eh!"
Why is it so hard to talk to rich criminals? Because they never finish their sentences.
"to prevent theft, the declaration of independence is now locked in a nicolas cage"
I decided not to keep the skunk I bought and returned it to the vendor because... it didn't make scents.
Do you know what the internal temperature of a tauntaun is? Luke warmSeemed appropriate with all the Hoth stuff floating around.
Why can't the Kardashians swim at the beach? Because plastic is bad for the ocean.
"True story. Chicago-area preschool teacher teaching remotely today because of the storms. Her dogs started barking like crazy, interrupting the Zoom. She looked out her window and told/apologized to the class that the shovelers were there. 4 year old classmate replies, “Wow, your shovelers sound like dogs!”Been laughing at that one all day."
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business.
Why was the gossip disliked at the coffee shop? She always spilled the tea.
Need a good Dad Joke card? Check out our collection of printable Dad Joke Birthday and Father's Day cards!
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? Because she'd just let it go.
"""It takes two to lie: one to lie and one to listen."""
"What is the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? One is a raving showman, the other is a shaving roman."
Did you know that bees are actually allergic to pollen? They break out in hives.
"I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it's raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden?"
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night! 
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.' 
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.' "
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?' 'They're both Paris sites.' 
How do you get a good price on a sled?' 'You have toboggan.' 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. 'No,' I said. 'It's to look at.' "
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
Sore throats are a pain in the neck. 
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.' 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor. "
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
What do you call an obese psychic? A four-chin teller. 
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada. 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet. 
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.' 
Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia.' Man: 'Wait! I can explain everything!' 
"Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish. "
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie. 
Whoever stole my depression medication: I hope you’re happy. 
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. 'That's my stepladder,' he said. 'I never knew my real ladder.' "
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.' 
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates. "
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night! 
What’s brown and sticky? A stick. 
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf "
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
I had a fun childhood. My dad used to push me down the hill in old tires. They were Goodyears. 
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything! 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious. 
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?' 'A satisfactory.' 
What’s a horse’s number one priority when voting? The stable economy! 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere. "
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. 
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?' 'They're both Paris sites.' 
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper. 
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it. "
When my wife is depressed I let her color in my tattoos. She just wants a shoulder to crayon. 
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross. 
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light.
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line."
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
"“I saw a 1,000-year-old oil stain; it was from ancient Greece.”"
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
"I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work."
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
An invisible man married and invisable women. The kids were nothing to look at.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called."
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands."
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?"
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
A policy officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other off.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
My neighbor got sued for a fire his grill started. He filed for an appeal when he lost and it ended up in a pellet court.
What happened to the lost beef shipment? Nobody's herd.
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water."
What do you call a man wearing a rug on his head? Matt.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
"My wife said, “You weren’t even listening, were you?” And I thought, “that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.”"
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
“Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.”
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Why did the tie not laugh at the other tie's jokes? They were knot funny.
Take 2: Someone stole my credit cards and apparently made a purchase in a furniture store. I only found out when the bank contacted me and told me that my card had been reclined.
Man this book on natural selection is really fascinating me I wonder if there are any other books about the Darwin awards
Whats the worst part of eating 11 raw oysters out of your grandmothers vagina? Realizing you only put 10 in
"A blonde is sitting next to a brunette on a plane. She turns to the dark haired woman and asks, ""Where are you from?"" The brunette haughtily replies, ""I'm from a place where we know better than to end a sentence with a preposition.""The blonde pauses for a second and then asks, ""Where are you from, bitch?"""
"The girl I like really loves orange soda. Sadly, she's way out of my league. Is this a Crush, or just a Fanta-sy?"
"If Korean pop is kpop, what sort of music does Drake make? Crap"
"(Nerdy joke) Two chicks walk into a bar... Two chicks walk into a bar. One says to the other,""Have you ever heard of the Bechdel test?"" The other says,""Yeah, my boyfriend was telling me about it the other day."""
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common? Their last big hit was the wall.
"People whose jobs require them to enter someone else's house, such as plumbers and electricians, what is the weirdest thing you've seen at a customer's house? My wife."
What do you call a communist sniper? A marxman.
Did you hear about the clam that could play violin? It had excellent mussel memory.
Squirrels have a habit of storing food in the winter Isn't that nuts?
"When asked for her occupation, a woman charged with a traffic violation said she was a school teacher. The judge rose from the bench. “Madam, I have waited years for a school teacher to appear before this court,"" he smiled with delight. “Now sit down at that table and write 'I will not pass through a red light' five hundred times!"""
Hey girl are you a Magic The Gathering card? Cause i’d tap you
What do you call someone who cosplays as Jesus? A cross-dresser
"A snail witnessed two turtles collide and have an accident. He was asked what he saw.... He said, ""I'm not sure, it all happened so fast."""
What type of instrument does an English man play? The UK-Lele
My printer has started printing scary stories in the middle of the night. Somehow they’re all in Braille. It’s giving me Goosebumps
"What do you get when you combine silver, a personal pronoun, a tattoo, and the short form of Edward? What do you get when you combine silver, a personal pronoun, a tattoo, and the short form of Edward?Ag I tat Ed. I'm veeeerrrryyyyy agitated."
"I don’t like people who take drugs… For example, airport security."
"When I die, I want to have my ashes mixed with cocaine That way, I’ll go out on a high."
People gathered in masses To buy paper for their asses.
Over heard my flat earth believing friend talking about global warming.. I told him to make up his mind.
"My niece’s joke... First she told us the old, “why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he was feeling crumby”Being encouraged by the pity laugh from everyone, she made up this little gem:Why did the unicorn go to the hospital? Because he was feeling horny!"
What do you call a witch who can never decide between casting good or bad spells? A trans-hex-ual.
"Due to a huge increase in deliveries, FedEx and UPS have joined forces And are now fed-up"
"Zoom meetings are basically seances with the living... Brian, are you there? Make a sound if you can hear us. Is anyone with you? Can you hear us?"
What kind of shoes does a thief wear? Sneakers
"A guy walked into a crowded bar waving his unholstered pistol and yelled ""I have a 45 Caliber Colt 1911 with a seven round clip plus one in the chamber and I want to know who has been sleeping with my wife.""A voice from the back of the room called out ""you need more ammo!"""
What does a ghost of Christmas past never get? A present.
What do you call a pig with three eyes? Piiig
"I was bitten by a Great White while vacationing in Florida. I think he used the term ""Superior Aryan,"" but either way, that was one coked-out skinhead."
What do you call an illegal immigrant living in Sweden? An artificial Swedener
"My friend Ty came first in the Beijing marathon 5 years ago, but still has not been awarded a gold medal. China refuses to acknowledge Ty won."
I know potato jokes have been made I’m just here to rehash them
"A man who runs in front of a car gets tired, a man who runs behind a car gets exhausted."
"Grandson Talking to His Grandfather: ""Grandpa, after 65 years of marriage, you still call Grandma 'sweetheart', 'darling' and 'honey'. What's your secret to keeping the flame burning?""Grandpa: ""I forgot her name 5 years ago and I don't dare ask"""
"Did you hear a baby goat robbed a bank last week? The news has dubbed him ""Billy the Kid."""
"My girlfriend, Ruth, fell off the back of my motorcycle I rode on, ruthlessly"
"Why did Bilbo Baggins always smoke pipeweed after every meal? IDK, force of hobbit I guess"
"Guy at the beach was surrounded by beautiful, horny women. They couldn’t keep their hands off of him! When he went to the bathroom, I walked up and asked his secret....he told me that he puts a potato in his swim trunks before coming to the beach. So, the next day at the beach,  I put a potato in my swim trunks but EVERYONE started to laugh at me! The guy who told me his secret saw me and yelled:“No! Put it in the *FRONT* of your trunks!”"
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger... ...then it hit me.
"Teacher to student: If I gave you a dollar and your father gave you a dollar, how many dollars would you have? Student: One dollar.Teacher: You don't know your arithmetic.Student: You don't know my father.(Credit: The Three Stooges)"
"What did the ancient Roman weatherman say when his emperor asked for a forecast? ""Hail, Caesar"""
Why did the giraffe leave her boyfriend? He was a Cheetah!
How can you tell if a coin is fresh? You can still smell the mint
Why does The Backstreet Boys make a bad cardiac specialist? Because they'll tell you it's nothing but a heartache
What is the holiest chord to play? The G sus although most priests prefer A minor
How many blood hungry vampires does it take to dress a wound? The answer's irrelevant as they all suck at it anyway.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It's a little fishy.
"""Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing."""
What do you call it when a lawyer takes a test early in the morning? A breakfast bar.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
A magician was walking down the street - then he turned into a store.
How much do roofs cost? Nothing. They're on the house!
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: 'sorry we don't serve food here'
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
"I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it's raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden?"
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming. 
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing. 
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers. "
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you? 
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!' 
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. "
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now. 
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue. 
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.' 
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.' "
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. "
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
"I got hit in the head with a can of Diet Coke today. Don’t worry, I’m not hurt. It was a soft drink. "
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard. 
What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed. 
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment. 
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.' "
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate. 
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime. "
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered. 
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue. 
The guy who stole my diary died yesterday. My thoughts are with his family. 
"Dad, can you put the cat out?' 'I didn't know it was on fire.' "
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system. 
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago. 
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired! 
What do houses wear? An address. 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste! 
Shouldn’t the “roof ' of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? 
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
"I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.' "
Why haven’t aliens visited our Solar System yet? They looked at the reviews… only 1 star! 
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home! "
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese. 
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you. "
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them) 
"What’s your name, son?' The principal asked his student. The kid replied, 'D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.' 'Do you have a stutter?' the principal asked. The student answered, 'No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.' "
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart. 
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.' 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump."
Where do fish keep their money? In a river bank.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
"6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down."
"This ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”"
"My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!"
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
"I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking."
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
"“What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.”"
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
"A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest."
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…"
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
How do you get an astronaut’s baby to stop crying? You rocket.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
Why are butter jokes so hard to make? Because there is no margarine for error.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
Five out of four people admit they’re bad at fractions.
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
"I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn't concentrate."
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
Do you think glass coffins will be a success? Remains to be seen.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!"
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
"I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old."
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
"A young woman goes to a fortuneteller. The fortuneteller tells her that she will be broke and unhappy until she turns fifty. “What happens when I turn fifty?” the young woman asks, staring down at the cards.      “Oh, nothing,” said the fortuneteller. “You’ll just be used to it by then.”"
"Did you hear about the Scotsman who dropped a £1 coin? When he went to pick it up, it hit him on the back of his head."
What sort of Spanish sporting event would Jesus hang out at? La Crosse
"...well darn I was digging in our garden when I found a chest full of gold coins. I was about to run straight home to tell my wife about it, but then I remembered why I was digging in our garden."
What did the blacksmith say to the knight when he delivered the knight’s new armor? You’ve got mail
"My friend is so successful, he does surgery, is a military general, and he was recently knighted by the Queen of England. We call him Sir Gen"
"Me: ""i'm terrified of those big empty spaces people yell into."" Therapist: ""A void.""Me: ""Good advice, thank you."""
Did you hear about that time Einstein panicked while hosting an awards show? He equals emcee scared.
Joke from my 10 year old niece. What do you call a sleeping T-Rex A dinosnore
Why are working conditions at the Tyre shop so poor? Because the squeaky wheel gets replaced
A young boy asked his dad “why does Santa only visit once a year?” The dad replied “because he’s in jail the rest of the year for breaking and entering”.
Why did the police catch the murder of the geometry teacher? They investigated it from all angles
"As a volunteer, I taught a seminar on how to write persuasive speeches at my local prison.  I titled the course: ""Prose and Cons""."
Ever wondered why bees hum? It's because they don't know the words.
I got caught trying to steal a hairpiece. There was a price toupee.
"Whenever I fart, I let people know that that's my thoughts on the matter. I'm just giving them my two scents."
The sky had a rainbow color to it today. I guess the sun's coming out.
"Did y'all hear about the accident during the Kowloon Percussion Festival? There was a tamtam ensemble that was playing a piece, and one of the instruments fell off its stand and rolled into the crowd, injuring a few people.Headlines were ""Hong Kong Gong Song Gone Wrong"""
What do you call a baby Owl that was caught in the rain? A moist-owlette
My ex used to beat me a lot with stringed instruments. Then i realised that she used to do it to all of her previous boyfriends. I would have broken up sooner if i had known she had a history of violins
"What’s the Wi-Fi password? Bartender: You need to buy a drink first.OK, I’ll have a Coke.Bartender: Three dollars. There you go. So what’s the Wi‑Fi password?Bartender: “You need to buy a drink first.” No spaces, all lowercase."
Why is it a bad idea for jealous people to date an archaeologist? Because they are always *dating* other people.
"I found an old violin and a painting in the attic. The antique dealer said, ""The good news is you've got a Stradivarius and a Picasso. The bad news is Stradivarius was a terrible painter and Picasso made crap violins."""
"While I was walking down the street I saw someone pushing a shopping trolley The shopping trolley was fully of horseshoes, four leaf clovers and rabbits feet. I asked them what they were doing. They told me they were pushing their luck."
I once went out with a girl who had really bad eczema on her chest... She had a cracking pair of tits.
"Little boy runs to his mother yelling ""Mommy, dad hung himself in the bathroom!"" Panicked mom runs to the bathroom only to see it's empty. ""Haha Aprli Fools!"" laughs the boy ""He hung himself in the basement."""
China should have a cricket team. They can take out the whole world with one bat
A calendar goes to the doctor and asks him to give it to him straight... “Okay. You’ve got 12 months.”
"Every since I bought a Tesla and they made weed legal, life hasn’t been the same Now I have to tell hitchhikers that ass is the only acceptable form of payment."
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four leaf clover? Because you shouldn't press your luck!
Why do gongs make people think of China? Because they're a national cymbal.
"Edward Snowden just joined Twitter. Almost immediately he got more followers than the NSA. Luckily for the NSA, they follow a lot more people than Snowden."
What’s the difference between the “China Virus” and the Vietnam War? Trump dodged the Vietnam War.
What do you call a pair of nuts on the wall? Walnuts!I’ll see myself out
Did you hear about the clam that could play violin? It had excellent mussel memory.
Trumps so good at making jobs He even opened some up in Iran!
Why were Aaron Paul and Brian Cranston cast in Breaking Bad They had great chemistry.
"Security officer: If you find a USB outside, don't bring it into the office Me (taking notes): Note to self: Only bring international bees into the office"
"For my birthday, my brother made me pancakes! I told him to stop flattening my fucking birthday cake."
What do you call 10 cucumbers in line? Queuecumbers
[Possible OC] What's the worst thing to write in Braille? Caution hot surface
What do you call a box of viagra pills? An expansion pack.
"TIL (Today I learned) who coined the phrase ""The trouble with quotes on the internet is that you can never know if they are genuine"" It was former US President Abraham Lincoln."
Ireland Did you hear about the Diseased Colony in Ireland that stole everyone's money?.......It was a Leper Con.
On Christmas I was just minding my own business when I was visited by a few ghosts. The plot Dickens.
Did you hear about the local farmer? Who was feeding his pigs marmite?  They gave birth to twiglets 🤌
Guys please stop making jokes about Helen Keller. They’re just plain senseless.
I’m tired of people calling me a rapper. It’s simply not true! I always ask for my lovers’ consent.
Old rich white men selecting strong young black men to work on their fields? I'm not sure about this NFL draft thing.
What does Rupert the Bear wear chequered trousers ? Because he has shite fashion sense.
Have any of your own dad jokes to share? Let us know in the comments!
Two aerials get married. The ceremony was rubbish - but the reception was brilliant.
"How do you remember which direction the sun rises in? Eventually, it'll dawn on you."
Why is a baseball game a good place to go on a hot day? Because there are lots of fans.
Why was the burglar so sensitive? He takes things personally.
What do you call a man who can't stand? Neil.
"What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!"
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneak-ers
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician.
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning. "
"Dad, did you get a haircut?' 'No, I got them all cut!' "
What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise? LMAYO. 
Which cat is the least loyal? A cheetah. 
What do you call a beehive without an exit? UnBeeLeaveable! 
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home! "
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work. 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it. 
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed. "
"I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.' "
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. "
"A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people—the student, his mama, and his pauper. "
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands. 
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face? 
"A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here. ' "
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. 'She obviously has COVID,' my wife said. 'Why?' I asked. 'Because she has no taste.' "
I don’t trust those trees. They seem kind of shady. 
"A son tells his father, 'I have an imaginary girlfriend.' The father sighs and says, 'You know, you could do better.' 'Thanks Dad,' the son says. 'That means a lot.' The father shakes his head and goes, 'I was talking to your girlfriend.' "
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.' 
My psychiatrist says I have an unhealthy obsession with revenge. We’ll see about that… 
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a 'Get Well Soon' card. "
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it! 
When my wife is depressed I let her color in my tattoos. She just wants a shoulder to crayon. 
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.' 
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!' 
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest! 
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better. 
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.' 
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals! 
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you! 
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer. 
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer. 
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together. 
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. 
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores. 
What is the scariest tree? BamBOO! 
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear. 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.' 
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?' 'Yellow!' 
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen. 
I used to hate facial hair…but then it grew on me. 
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. 
I used to hate facial hair…but then it grew on me. 
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What kind of magic do cows believe in? Moodoo!
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
"My wife said, “You weren’t even listening, were you?” And I thought, “that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.”"
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
"Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash."
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
"Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right."
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…"
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card.
"I have a scary joke about math, but I'm 2² to say it."
Can I watch TV? Yes but don't turn it on.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
"Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes."
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
“Whoever stole my depression medication — I hope you’re happy now.”
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands."
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
"My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That's ridiculous, I didn't even know it was today!"
"6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down."
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing."
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents."
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
A policy officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other off.
Did you hear the story about the haunted lift? It really raised my spirits!
"My printer keeps playing random music I called support. Don’t worry they said, it’s just the paper jamming."
A girl added me and sent me a picture of herself She looked so much like someone who would judge me based of my appearance so i blocked her.Cut toxic people out of your life because you deserve better (:
Did you know that fighting increases your risk of heart attack? Because it's assault.
Iowa has produced a new Tennis sensation Anna Cornacoba
"Dude 1: “Hey bro?” Dude 2: “Yeah bro?” Dude 1: “Can you hand me that pamphlet?” Dude 2: ""brochure"""
How do spies have sex? Under-covers!
What do you call it when a waiter at an internet cafe gets your order wrong? 500 Internal Server Error
"As a kid I was told that, ""Every time you masturbate, God kills a kitten."" Also when I was a kid I was told by Bob Barker to, ""..help control the pet population.""I was raised to listen to my elders..."
Why did the cucumber blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
“Sorry about the temperature down the mine today” “It’s coal man”
"I played the drums once, but I swore never to do it again. I didn't want to deal with repercussions."
"I had to go to the doctors' yesterday, because every time I 69 the wife I get a terrible headache after a couple of minutes. He suggested we do it lying down."
What's Michelle's favourite vegetable? Barackoli(I'm sorry I'll leave now...)
What do you call a snowman dressed up as a cop? Just-ice.
What's common between a sperm bank and a coffee shop? you can get a Cup o' Joe at both places.
My uncle got addicted to deli meat But I heard he quit cold turkey.
what are cows knees called? burger joints
"Who'd want to be Trump's security guard ? \- you shout ""Donald, Duck"" & everybody would just laugh"
"Dad, do you know why it's so dark out? No sun."
It's a 5 minute walk from my house to the pub. It's a 30 minute walk from the pub to my house. The difference is staggering.
You have to love female accountants... They consider double entry the standard.
"I really doubt Canada will invest significantly in space exploration, but I’ll believe it if they... ...show me the moon, eh!"
All conspiracy theories were proved wrong. Trump will manage to stay in power by... ... dragging the vote count until 2024!
Release the vaccine in vape form. I promise you no one will ask what’s in it at that point.
I went to pick up my tax forms and HOA application Turns out that's not what they sell at the Adult Store at all.
They started a poetry contest at my local prison But I don't know how I feel about that There are prose and cons
Guess how i escaped Iraq.. IranSYRIASLY
Every date I’ve ever had has been like my WiFi signal. No Connection.
I was just driving past a dog food factory and it smelled really good. Now I want Arby’s.
Why can’t cross-dressers and Slavs stay on beat? They’re always Russian or Dragging
Iron-man and Silver Surfer are teaming up The are alloys now.
Where did the dinosaur have their Bar Mitzvah? Jewrassic Park
"I used to work for a used computer sales shop. I tried to convince my boss to have a 9/11 sale, 2 towers for the price of 1. It didn’t fly."
"Mr Richard's kid was a drug dealer. So, he kick him out. Finally, he got rid of his Adickson"
Thinking about taking a vacation in Australia. I hear it's pretty lit.
"I was wandering through the cemetery earlier today when I saw a guy kneeling behind a gravestone Trying to be polite, I said “Morning.”To which he replied “Nope just taking a shit.”"
"“Doctor, I keep hearing voices coming from my underpants”... “Oh, that’s nothing to worry about, they’re just talking bollocks”"
Why was the man fired from the orange juice factory? Because he couldn't concentrate.
New discovery. Scientists have recently discovered a new potato variety resembling a human penis.They are calling it dictator!
Pepsico have teamed up with a leading pharmaceutical company to created a viagra infused soft drink. I cannot wait to pour myself a stiff one
Since vegans can't beat their meat what do they call masturbating? Stem cell research.
What do you call a reptile with magic powers? A wizard........I’ll leave now.
What did the argumentative frog say? Rebut!
Where do crabs and lobsters park their public transport vehicles? At the Bustacean
"I was driving to work yesterday, when I spotted Usain Bolt on the sidewalk. I rolled the window down and offered him a lift. He said 'No thanks, I'm in a rush.'"
"I asked the librarian if the library had any books on paranoia. She leaned over and whispered, ""They're right behind you. . ."""
Gay people have no excuse to have a bad fashion sense Like homie what were you doing in the closet that whole time
I noticed a man passed out drunk so I stopped to check he was breathing I can confirm he was breathing. I also checked his pockets and I can confirm he now has no money.
A guy was running around trying to determine the source of physicians' flatulence He was only following doctors odors.
"What sound does a witch's motorcycle make? BROOM, BROOOOOM!"
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
Dad: I named you after my father. After my father: I know
"What is the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? One is a raving showman, the other is a shaving roman."
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
What do you get when you cross a cactus and a pig? A porky pine.
Why didn't the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space!
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table. 
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space. 
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called. "
What sound does a witch’s car make? Broom broom! 
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar. 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
She said I won’t be able to make it. 
"A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'' "
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
Why don’t restaurants serve noodles after 10:00 PM? It’s pasta bedtime. 
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers. "
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard. 
It takes guts to be an organ donor. 
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical. 
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest! 
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker. 
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday! 
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time. 
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! 
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! 
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy. "
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
What do you call Father Christmas in an orange suit? Fanta Claus. 
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s. 
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. 
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.' 
My IQ test results came back. They were negative. 
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.' 
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!' 
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. "
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. 
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean 
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. 
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.' 
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.' 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. 
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes. 
I just got a promotion at the farm. I’m the new CIEIO. 
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
"I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it."
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote control. I thought to myself 'well this changes everything'.
"At the job interview, they asked me, “Where do you see yourself in five years?”"
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
"Have you heard the joke about the butter? I better not tell you, it might spread!"
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
"I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
"I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it."
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
I told my dad he had to quit smoking. When it came to his health we just couldn’t brisket.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, “Is it to scale?” I replied, “No… It’s to look at”"
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold.
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents."
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
"I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around."
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaad mooood.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
"I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a grape."
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know i wouldn't get a reaction.
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
"Two hats were hanging on a hat rack. One said 'You stay here, i'll go on a head'."
What do you call a flat earther vampire A no-sphere-atu
"While I was walking down the street I saw someone pushing a shopping trolley The shopping trolley was fully of horseshoes, four leaf clovers and rabbits feet. I asked them what they were doing. They told me they were pushing their luck."
Why do dragons make good accountants? The economies of scale
"I love how when you hear certain music, it can really take you places. For instance, the bar I'm currently in are playing Drake so I'm now going somewhere else."
I just saw a squirrel pooping. That shit was nuts.
"Hugh Laurie just got his American citizenship! He now goes by ""Hugh Truck"""
Apparently Boy George has... ... a pet lizard that bites people up to 5 times a day.He needs a calmer chameleon
My friend once had a job circumcising elephants Well according to him the pay was lousy but at least the tips were huge!
Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.
"Teacher: ""Class, I am going to test you on tenses today."" She point to John and says ""John, if I say 'I am beautiful', what tense is it?"" John stands up, gives the teacher a perplexed look and after thinking nice and hard says ""Well, it obviously is past tense."""
"The only two white actors in Black Panther are Martin Freeman, who played Bilbo Baggins, and Andy Serkis who played Gollum. They're the Tolkien white guys.Edit: Swigity Swoo, I got a silver from you?Edit: Golly Gee, a gold for me?Edit: Boo hoo, a baby snoo too?Edit: Cowabunga Grift, I got a coin gift!Edit: Beagle pup, here comes a bless up!"
"What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he was cast in a movie about famous composers? ""I'll be Bach."""
I was cleaning one of my finger guns. I accidentally blew a hole through my air guitar.
"I owe my success as a fruit farmer to my dear dad. Whenever I felt scared as a kid, he always told me to grow a pear"
"In a sex-ed class, the teacher asked me,""What was missing in your first sexual experience?"" Apparently, my answer ""Consent"" was wrong."
My grandmother is really impressed by how much politicians seem to get done these days She's always going on about how they're all full of doo-doo.
"If anyone ever figured out my secret 4-digit code, I'd be screwed! They'd have my bank pin #, phone unlock code, front door lock code... ...they'd even know my birth year!"
"What's a calendar's favorite treat? Dates!(My first time posting here, but I was snacking on dates and this came to my mind)"
What do you call it when an exclamation mark is having sex? Exclamating
A customer of mine asked how much I’m charging to say this. I said “Nothing. I believe in free speech.”
For every Dollar a man makes a woman makes 70 cents. That's really unfair. That only leaves the man with 30c.
"A man tells his date A man tells his date “ I work with animals”And she said “ I love a man who that cares about animals, where do you work?”And with a grin on his face the man said “I’m a butcher.”"
Did you hear about the two atomic bombs that got into an argument? They had a fallout.
"It's dark, gloomy with a slight bit of fog. The little girl grips the man's hand tightly as an owls hoot echoed through the rustling trees... ""I'm scared"" said the little girl.""You're scared?!"" Said the man. ""At least you don't have to walk back alone!"""
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
"My son was watching me read “War and Peace”, and asked me, “Why is the book so thick?” I said, “Well, ..it’s a long story.”"
I thought I had illegal software in my fridge but then I realized... It is open sauce
I've always had a deep connection with mirrors I see a lot of myself in them
"A man asks the waiter : ""Do you serve crabs here?"" ""Take a seat. We serve everybody."""
"When I was younger, my dad went to prison because he set his boss’s house on fire. I always wondered if I’d wind up in jail like my old man, so I visited him one weekend and I asked him, “Dad, are we all pyromaniacs in this family?” And he said... “Yes we are, son.”"
Why did the CSI team get called to the set of the Purple Rain video shoot. They needed to dust for Prince.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity... It's impossible to put down
"Putin on a trip. Vladimir Putin is traveling abroad. He enters the customs line, approaches the agent and is asked:Agent: age?Putin: 66Agent: occupation? Putin: not this time, just visiting."
"After having his title stripped and funds cut off by the Royal Family, Harry has taken up painting to supplement his income. He’s the Artist formerly known as Prince."
"Saw a little girl walk into my store today wearing a shirt that said FINISHER 2019... I said sweetie, that's a basic achievement, FINISHER 2020 is the real achievement."
"Two men in a park. A creepy guy walks up to another man in a park. Creepy guy leans close to the man and whispers ""do you have any naked photos of your wife?"" The man angrily says ""certainly not"". Creepy guy says ""would you like to buy some?"""
There's a worsening drug problem where I live. The drugs are getting worse.
"My girlfriend said to me ""I bet you can't go one day without making a joke about my period"" ""You're on"" I said."
"""Mansplain"" is a terrible word to use because it has more letters than explain and is therefore more difficult for women to understand."
What do sheep like to do in the summer? Have a baa-baa-cue!
"Just saw a guy wearing a shirt that says “Truth + God = Life”... Thank god I’m good at math, Truth = Life - God"
What do you put in your interstellar trail mix? Astro-nuts
I live under a 4 million dollar roof. Bridges sure are expensive.
"Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me."
Why didn’t the oyster share her pearl? She was shellfish.
"I want to hire a Mexican, An Italian and a Russian To show up at my funeral in black suits and say  ""thank you boss"", then leave. Just so that my Family and Friends would think I had something Big going on."
"What's a calendar's favorite treat? Dates!(My first time posting here, but I was snacking on dates and this came to my mind)"
"I like jokes, I like air conditioners, but jokes about air conditioners? Not a fan."
"My girlfriend messaged me to say she’s breaking up with me because I’m too childish. So I marched over to her house, rang her door bell and ran away That’ll teach her"
What's another word for a mattress? A loaf of bed.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins - I couldn't differentiate between them.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
Have any of your own dad jokes to share? Let us know in the comments!
Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
What do you call someone who loves reading? A book keeper.
What do you call a kangaroo's lazy joey? A pouch potato.
Why did two tall people get along so well? The could really see eye to eye.
What do you call it when a lawyer takes a test early in the morning? A breakfast bar.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.' 
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. 
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! 
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment. 
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield! 
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Ayatollah. ' “Ayatollah who? ' “Ayatollah you already. ' "
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time "
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing. 
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing. 
What's a robot's favorite snack?' 'Computer chips.' 
Q: What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A: A large fortune. 
Why do balloons hate Ed Sheeran concerts? They are afraid of pop music. 
What do you call a fake noodle?' 'An impasta.' 
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet. 
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door. 
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
What did the DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat? ' 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! 
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves. 
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.' 
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! 
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it. 
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it. "
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator. 
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
"A turtle is crossing the road when he’s mugged by two snails. When the police ask him what happened, the shaken turtle replies, “I don’t know. It all happened so fast. ' "
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice. 
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, 'Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?' "
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school. 
"What did the ocean say to the beach?' 'Nothing, it just waved.' "
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. 
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
Where do you learn to make a banana split?' 'Sundae school.' 
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. 
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores. 
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
    My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly. 
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off. 
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero. 
Q: How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? A: Eclipse it 
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist. "
Where do boats go when they're sick?' 'To the boat doc.' 
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
"My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!"
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. ""I never knew my real ladder.”"
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
What do houses wear? An address.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, ""That makes two of us."""
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store.
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
"What is the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? One is a raving showman, the other is a shaving roman."
Did you hear the story about the haunted lift? It really raised my spirits!
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
"""Did you get your haircut?"" No, I got them all cut."
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose.
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
"How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor."
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, ""That makes two of us."""
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggy.
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel!
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes."
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? “Supplies!”
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…"
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
"Me: I'm afraid of random letters Therapist: you are?Me: ""screams""Therapist: Oh I seeMe: ""continues to scream"""
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language
"I went to high school with a kid names Stains The class wouldn’t stop laughing when the teacher said “Come Stains, in my office”"
"My friend is crazy, he’s constantly riding his bike on a bicycle trail. He’s a psychopath on a cycle path."
How do you call a drug dealing cow? A narcow
"A Blind Professional Fisherman, Is Given the Honerary Title of ""Master Baiter"" *He replies* : "" It's easy. You just grab your worm, wrap it tight. Cast your pole, and just pray that you inevitably smell something fishy."""
Joe Biden is not my president. I didn't vote for him!!! No seriously guys he's not my president. Im from Nepal. I didn't vote for him.P.S. Congrats US for taking the first step towards undoing the 4 years of chaos.
"A man who makes tie dye shirts was trying to borrow money to expand his small business. While filling out the paperwork, he had a heart attack and collapsed, spilling bottles of colored dye all over his paperwork. The poor man dyed a loan."
What is a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer? Comet
What rank do you give an incompetent policeman? Defective Inspector.
What do you call someone with frosted tips and dandruff? Frosted flakesI'm sorry
I suggested to my missus that I was her birthday present. She said she hoped I kept the receipt.
What do you call the waves on a small beach? Microwaves.
I tried to connect my Raspberry Pi to my printer.... But the printer always jams!
What’s a squirrel’s favorite channel? Nutflix. From my six year old who read it at the doctor office today.
A good farmer is not just good at what he does He’s the best in his field
What do you call walk-in closet in Spanish? Armario de Joaquín
A software tester walks into a bar Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a bear. Orders -1 beers. Orders hdtseatfibkd.First real customer walks into a bar and asks where the bathroom is. The bar bursts into flames killing everyone inside.
"My homeboy got rear-ended on a motorcycle wearing a bright green shirt, with shiny red hair: It kind of makes sense.... It was hard to miss him"
"Man: Hello, can someone help me? My house is burning down! Mrs. Doubtfire: Sorry Sir, I don’t believe you."
"""Kneel before me!"" demands a portly king. All present kneel, except for one peasant who remains standing casually. Outraged, the king points his scepter at this peasant and barks, ""You there, why do you not kneel!?"" The peasant responds, ""Considering how long it'd take you even just to get out of that chair, there's clearly no need to rush."""
In chemistry class the experiment called for 36 grams of the 83rd element on the periodic table. I could see that the girl next to me had weighed out 42 grams. When I told her she was getting a bit heavy she said.... I should mind my own bismuth.
"Two blondes are facing each other across a wide stream. One yells to the other, 'How do you get to the other side?'  The other blonde replies, 'You are on the other side!'"
"I tried experimenting on roots Trying to grow strong plants to survive in harsh environments. I gave one water, and the other steroids.A root didn't stand a chance against b root strength"
"I had an appointment with a doctor's office to get my medical marijuana card the other day... When asked where I heard of them, I told him my friend reeferred me."
"I just read that 6.7% of the world's population have a problem with alcohol. And I thought ""6.7%...That would be a pretty strong beer."""
"Ashes to ashes, dust to dust Pussy isn't pizza, dont eat the crustHerpilations 4:20"
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
"We never make mistakes. There was an incident a few years ago where I was sure I had made a mistake, but it turned out I was wrong."
"A salesman knocks on a door... A teenage boy answers the door wearing heels, panties, a bra and has makeup on. The salesman says, ""um, are your parents home?The kid says,"" What the fuck do you think? """
"I just got a wooden motorcycle. It has a wooden frame, wooden handle bars, wooden wheels, and a wooden seat. Guess what? It wooden start."
Do you have brain cancer? Just stop having brain cancer! It's all in your head!
"When I was 7 years old, I realized that Santa, The Tooth Fairy, and my dad all had the same handwriting. Good thing none of those things actually exist."
"A barber in my area got arrested for drug dealing.. I’ve been his customer for 10 years, but I had no idea he was a barber"
My dyslexic brother-in-law eats shellfish for anxiety... He says it clams him down.
"""Would you be interested in contributing to our Sperm Foundation Fund?"" No thanks, I gave at the office."
"I was the knight no one expected to appear on battlefield, Sir Prise."
"My wife caught me performing an action scene from The Matrix, but luckily she thought I was doing yoga exercise.. I just ~~dodge~~ dodged a bullet"
I'm trying to stream Titanic But it keeps syncing
"If women drink a glass of red wine, it increases the chance of a stroke. If she drinks the whole bottle, she might even give it a little suck."
"Holmes and Watson are out hunting one day. John spies something moving in the bushes, and with practiced aim, levels his rifle and fires. They pull aside the brush to reveal a severed leg, with a clean bullet wound just below the ankle. “Watson!” Holmes cries out. “The game’s afoot!”"
What do you call a kangaroo whos in love with a sheep? A wolly jumper
"Caesar: Brutus, what do you call those pillars we use in our buildings? Brutus: Columns, sir.Caesar: You call them sir? I know you don't have the authority I do, but have *some* self-respect."
"What has 27 actors, three settings, two writers, and one plot? 671 Hallmark movies."
Sometimes I put lots of stuff in the cart and leave without paying. What are your online shopping habits?
"The phone rings at Crayola Headquarters {green-green-green}""Yellow?""""May I speak to Mr. Brown?""""Please white while I transfer you.""{pink}"
I literally only know two phone numbers 911 and J.G. Wentworth’s.
How do you describe how Al Gore plays drums? Al-Gore-rhythms!
One of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and roll me down a hill. They were Goodyears!
Q: Why did the broom decide to go to bed? A: It was very sweepy.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, Let's make this interesting. So we stopped playing chess."
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor."
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
What's a bad wizard's favorite computer program? Spell-check.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake.
Why are goldfish the most dangerous animal? Because they live in a tank.
"I went to a concert for just 45 cents, it featured 50 Cent and Nickelback."
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus. "
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight. 
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up. 
What's the best smelling insect?' 'A deodor-ant.' 
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder. 
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.' 
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships. 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.' 
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump. "
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough. 
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
I’m finally upgrading from 1080p to 4K in January. It’s my new years resolution. 
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.' 
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. 
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'What do you want?' The man says, 'Oh, just some fruit punch.' The bartender sighs and shakes his head, 'If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line.' The man looks around, but there is no punchline. "
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory. 
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home! "
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys. 
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer. 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross. 
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it. "
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!' 
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system. 
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya! 
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe. 
What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed. 
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it. 
Why do balloons hate Ed Sheeran concerts? They are afraid of pop music. 
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine. 
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef? "
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores. 
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?' 'In case they get a hole in one!' 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. 'That's my stepladder,' he said. 'I never knew my real ladder.' "
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head. "
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
What has more letters than the alphabet?' 'The post office!' 
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! 
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Alabama. ' “Anybody with you? ' “Nope. I’m Alabama self.“ "
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen. 
"Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels."
"I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old."
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
"My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!"
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
I fear for the calendar. It's days are numbered.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
"Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic."
"I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet."
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop.
"""Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia."" Man: ""Wait! I can explain everything!"""
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
What's Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
"I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!"
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
"“I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.”"
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel."
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
"I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one."
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
"“What’s your name, son?” The principal asked his student. The kid replied, “D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.” “Do you have a stutter?” the principal asked. The student answered, “No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.”"
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective."
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. ""No,"" I said. ""It's to look at."""
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other 'Does this taste funny to you?
What does a photo editor and a farmer have in common? They both make good crops.
My dad is see through and used to be a woman. He’s a transparent trans-parent.
Activists Sued for Copyright Violation after portraying Trump as Jafar in Aladdin Stage Show. Judge says Pantomime to Tyrancy was Tantamount to Piracy.
Did you hear the creator of spaghetti died? He pasta way
What did one tea leaf say to the other tea leaf? This is a fine mesh we've gotten ourselves into!
"My wife got stung by a bee on the forehead. She's at the ER now, her face all swollen and bruised, she almost died. Luckily I was close enough to hit the bee with my shovel."
"Asked my French friend if he played any video games He said ""wii"""
"Ruth rode on my motorcycle, on the seat behind me... I took a bump at 95, and rode on ruthlessly"
What did the squirrel say when he had to choose between staying still or jumping down? I’m really on the fence about this one
It's 80 years since non stick pans were invented (Teflon 1938) Where is the non stick toilet bowl?
"In fallout, why are caps used as currency? Because america is a CAPitalist country."
I have a space pun But i need a little more time to planet
Why did blonde had lipstick all over the steering wheel ? Because she was trying to blow the horn
"Astronauts release a photo of Hurricane Harvey... Astronauts released a photo of Hurricane Harvey as seen from the the International Space Station. They sent a short message along with the photograph; ""Houston, you have a problem."""
"Why is it called Red Square called Red Square when it is shaped like a rectangle? Because in Soviet Russia, all sides are equal."
"If a bank gets robbed by ghosts, then it’s a Polterheist."
What does a ghost of Christmas past never get? A present.
"I saw a poster on a tree with a man's face. It read: ""MISSING PERSON! REWARD £150"". Would you believe it...I was out on a pleasant walk the day after when I found that very guy tied up in the woods down by the river.So regretfully, I had to give him the £150."
What's the difference between Taxes and Texas? Taxes can keep your electrical grid operational.
What bounces and makes children sad? The checks I write to the Make-A-Wish foundation.
I hate that ATMs don't dispense coins. It just doesn't make cents.
You hear about the snail who had to call a tow truck? He couldn't make 'is car go
How many babies does it take to shingle a roof? It depends on how thinly you slice them.
A wire just fell from the ceiling I was shocked when the electrician couldn’t fix it.
"A man went to jury duty. During a break in deliberations he and a female juror he had been flirting with snuck into the coat closet and she started giving him head. Someone knocked on the door, startling him, and he knocked himself out cold on the closet shelf. When the jury filed back into the courtroom, the judge noticed one was missing.  “What happened to my 12th juror?”  The jury foreman replied, “Head in-jury your honor, but I hear he just came to.”"
Mary had a little lamb... Her gynecologist fainted.
"A news chain started asking people what's their opinion on a food shortage around the world The venezuelans asked what food isThe Europeans asked what shortage isThe americans asked what the rest of the world is The chinese asked what an opinion is, then got arrested for asking too many questions"
My girlfriend's plastic fork broke while she was eating earlier.... ....Just a tine-y bit. (i was so proud of myself but no one else laughed as much as I did )
I managed to lose my rifle when I was in the army. I had to pay $855 to cover the loss. I’m starting to understand why a Navy captain always goes down with his ship.
Why can’t 2 Asian people make a white child baby cause 2 wongs don’t make a white
I’m going to open a gold-plated fasteners company It’s going to be called Au Nuts
What's the similarity between Santa's presents and a horny virgin? They both come in socks.
What did Reverend Rabbit say before blessing his meal ? Lettuce Pray.
I heard my school's principle's husband talk about how she gives good blow jobs She is the headmaster after all
"I asked my friend how long it would take to perfect my David Carradine impersonation They said, ""I wouldn't hold my breath."""
"In recent news, a man who was charged with impersonating a hay stack Has been bailed"
I bought a beehive to start my beekeeping company I thought it was a good bees nest
What do you get when a chicken lays its eggs on the top of a hill? Egg rolls.
What do you tell Drake if he says something stupid? Ok groomer
Getting a bull stoned is dangerous business The steaks are high
"""My last name is Smith, because my dad was a blacksmith."" ""My last name is Fisher, because my dad was a fisherman."" ""My last name is Dickinson, and I dont like this game"""
"A farmer had a prized bull. Bred 300 times a year. The farmer's wife said ""300 times, isn't that wonderful dear?  Maybe you should watch him. Maybe he'll show you how.""  Farmer said ""Yeah... he's a hell of a bull, but it wasn't all with the same cow."""
"What recipe uses chicken, shrimp, okra, and elephant sausage? Dumbolaya"
What's the difference between a chick pea and a lentil I wouldn't pay 200 dollars to have a lentil on my face
What's pink and wrinkly and hangs out Grandpa's pyjamas? Grandma.
What happens when you play the drums incorrectly? You get repercussions
"I started a summer camp for kids with add/adhd to teach them to manage their symptoms. It didn’t do so well, people kept telling me “Concentration Camp” was a bad name."
"Can you name the 3 NFL team's mascots that start with the letter ""F""? The Falcons, the Fourty-Niners and the F***ing Dolphins!"
"One farmer asks another \- ""Are your cows smokers?""\- ""No, that would be ridiculous!""\- ""Then your barn is on fire."""
"The science teacher was discussing insects in her biology class. She said, ""Moths always fly with their legs apart. Can anybody tell me why?""The quick witted retort came flying back ""Well miss have you seen the size of moth balls?"""
"Do you want me to tell you the joke about the butter? No, you might spread it!"
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu-you get what you deserve.
"I asked my dad if he could put the cat out. He replied, ""I didn't know it was on fire."""
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
"What did the photon say when asked if she needed to check a bag? ""No thanks, I'm traveling light!"""
What's the difference between a dad joke and a bad joke? The direction the first letter faces.
Whoever stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
Finally my winter fat has gone - now I have spring rolls.
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.' 
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?' "
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. 
"Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.' "
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit. 
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.' 
Where do you learn to make a banana split?' 'Sundae school.' 
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.' 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.' 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap. "
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. 
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore. 
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! 
 Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back. 
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. 
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner. "
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
How does a non-binary samurai kill people? They/Them. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. 
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two… "
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell. 
How do you make 7 even?' 'Take away the s.' 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island. 
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them! 
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke. "
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you?' 'An iWitness.' "
Where do math teachers go on vacation?' 'Times Square.' 
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? 'Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.' "
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night! 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?' 'No, but I'll wrestle you for them.' "
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water. 
"Can February March? No, but April May! "
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
I was researching about Atheism. Turns out it’s a non-prophet organization. 
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner. 
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
"My wife said, “You weren’t even listening, were you?” And I thought, “that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.”"
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
Why are butter jokes so hard to make? Because there is no margarine for error.
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line."
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? “Supplies!”
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
Did you hear about the girl who quit her job at the doughnut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please."
"Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!"
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
Why are butter jokes so hard to make? Because there is no margarine for error.
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, “Is it to scale?” I replied, “No… It’s to look at”"
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose.
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins."
"I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!"
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
I tried to make up a joke about ghost but I couldn't. It had plenty of spirit but no body.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed."
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
"If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?"
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
"I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old."
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
"I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any."
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
Why do standup comedians perform poorly in Hawaii? Because the audience only responds in a low ha.
"Your wife and daughter look like twins, my friend said. Well, I replied, they were separated at birth."
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins - I couldn't differentiate between them.
"What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? ""Supplies!"""
"Want to hear a pizza joke? Nahhh, it's too cheesy!"
Which branch of the military accepts toddlers? The infantry.
"We also have a great collection of Knock, Knock Jokes for Kids."
What runs around a baseball field but never moves? A fence.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
"Kathy: ""Wow, you have really gorgeous hair."" Chandler: ""Thanks, I grow it myself."""
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.' 
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan. 
"Teacher: “There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool. ' Johnny: “So, what are the words? ' "
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. 'That's my stepladder,' he said. 'I never knew my real ladder.' "
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out. 
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother. 
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands. "
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know? 
Vin Diesel eats two meals a day. Breakfast and breakfurious. 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
It takes guts to be an organ donor.' 
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school. 
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but graphing is where I draw the line. "
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! 
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark. 
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
How does a non-binary samurai kill people? They/Them. 
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring. "
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen. 
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, 'I love you.' 'Is that you or the beer talking?' she asked. I answered, 'It’s me… talking to my beer.' "
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing. 
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison. 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
"I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden? "
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades. 
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.' 
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out. 
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending. 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?' 'No, but I'll wrestle you for them.' "
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?' 'In case they get a hole in one!' 
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but graphing is where I draw the line. "
What do you call an obese psychic? A four-chin teller. 
"A brain walks into a bar and takes a seat. “I’d like some wings and a pint of beer, please, ' he says. “Sorry, but I can’t serve you, ' the bartender replies. “You’re out of your head. ' "
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?' 'In case they get a hole in one!' 
I was researching about Atheism. Turns out it’s a non-prophet organization. 
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea. 
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! 
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI. 
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.' 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.' "
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.' "
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
"“I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.”"
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say “cheese.”
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
"I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any."
"This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode."
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
What days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are week (weak) days!
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? “Supplies!”
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
What genre are national anthems? Country.
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!"
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Which knight of the round table was the beefiest? Sir loin.
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
Which knight of the round table was the beefiest? Sir loin.
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
"It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle."
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing."
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
What type of flower grows in the surface of the sun? An Ultra-Violet
"I'm hiding in my Finnish Neighbours shed, waiting to jump out and surprise him. It's like a sauna in here."
I'm seeing this girl and she redecorated her bedroom and I really don't like the new look. Should I tell her? It's kind of an awkward conversation starter from someone she has never met.
"Today i asked myself the question: Do I identify myself as a man or a woman. But then I knew after I spilled my coffee, I am just a disappointment."
Where do Brain Surgeon Students go to study? The Hippocampus
"Son was playing on the beach, making a sand castle with a plastic bucket and shovel. Hey son, I think your bucket is getting sick. It's starting to look a little pail."
"Its OK to make mistakes, everybody does! My parents are a great example, they made me"
What did the  say to the ? Nice belt.
"Sometimes we get the joy of Friday, but with the misery of Monday swirled in I call it... A Monday-Friday Sunday"
"An infinite amount of Mathematicians walk into a bar. The first orders a pint, the second a half, the third a quarter, and so on. The bartender pours them 2 pints and says, ""sort it out yourselves."""
"You know, I think I wanna become a farmer. I’d get so many chicks..."
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
"Being horny and tired at the same time is a strange feeling. On one hand, you want to go to sleep, ... In the other hand, however."
What did the pacifist say to the aggressive musician? Violins is not the answer.
Policeman: My dog tells me you're on drugs. Me: You're the one with the talking dog!
I used to play triangle in a reggae band. I would stand at the back and ting.
What berry are the turtles allergic to? Strawberry
"In Soviet Russia, you rob bank In Capitalist America, bank robs you"
What did one John say to the other John? What’s the matter? You look flushed.
"Which is better a stool or a box to stand on? You stand on a stool, though I prefer the ladder"
You don’t know anything about pain until you’ve seen your own baby drowned in a tub... And you definitely don’t know anything about how to wash a baby...(Anthony Jeselnik)
"The United Kingdom is to provide special support to those self-identify as gnomes, fairies or pixies... It'll be known as the National Elf Service."
"What, is a librarians favorite thing to grill during the summer? A shhhhh-kabob"
"After getting the windows on my car tinted black, I showed it to my wife. She said, ""I wouldn't be seen dead in that thing!""I said, ""That's the point."""
What does the ghetto snowman call his friends? His snowmies
"Naked and Afraid is a fun show because you get to watch the participants removed from their comfort zones and they try and get something edible within the allotted time in order to survive a harsh environment that will punish them for every failure. Incidentally, that is also why I watch Chopped."
"It's nice to see that my local supermarket is saving energy by raising the temperature of it's freezers. But ""Rocky Road"" soup is an acquired taste."
"A biology teacher runs into a bank holding a flower. He says ""Everybody on the ground, I have a pistil!"""
"Biology Joke Biology teacher:
Can anyone name a disease?

Student:
I can sir.

Teacher:
Well done. Whose next?"
"If you are debating whether or not to shovel your neighbor's driveway... Ask yourself, ""would they do the same for me?""If the answer is no, do it anyways out of the kindness of your heart.If the answer is yes, go back inside."
It's good to know sign language. It's pretty handy.
What's the difference between a bunch of babies in a pool and some coins? The coins are the only thing heads up...
"There's a new game called ""Silent Tennis."" It's like regular Tennis, but without the racquet."
"What is orange, about 70 years old, has caused enormous damage to the environment, and is a great embarrassment to the US? Agent orange, duh."
Did you hear about the famous writer who turned out to be a fraud? His life had its prose and cons.
Why do bulls wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!  They make up everything!
My wife has this weird OCD where she arranges the dinner plates by the year they were bought. It’s an extremely rare dish order.
"I asked my cat, ""how are you?"" He said he was, ""feline fine"""
"It's crazy. One minute you're getting drunk as a skunk, then next thing you know, you're in the back of an ambulance. I really shouldn't be a paramedic."
"I ran out of toilet paper and started using lettuce leaves. Today was just the tip of the iceberg, tomorrow romaines to be seen.Fun Fact, in the country I was born we really used leaves as toilet paper"
Do you know why Bill Cosby likes Jam more than he likes Jelly? Because he can't jelly his dick in someone.
"I just began a sexual relationship with a blind woman. Took me ages to get her husband's voice right, but at least I know she won't be seeing other people."
What do you call a potato that wears glasses ? A Spec-tator
what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? a labracadabrador
Why was the dog stealing shingles? He wanted to become a *woofer*
I'm surprised the pandemic has lasted this long. I thought trump trusted doctors to fix his mistakes before they hit 9 months
"My friend believes The Office is the best television show, and belittles anyone that thinks otherwise I'm so tired of these Dwight Supremacists"
"Why are most weather forecasters men? Because when they promise a foot, you know you're only getting three inches."
"An Israeli soldier lands on Heathrow Airport During filling up the immigration form after name, sex, age etc. there was a section which asked, “Occupation?” He answered, “No, just visiting”"
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you?
We all know about Murphy's Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole's Law? It's thinly sliced cabbage.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
Why haven't aliens visited our Solar System yet? They looked at the reviews... only 1 star!
"Niece: I have a lot of friends named Nathan, there's Nathan...(endless droning about nicknames). Me: When they are together, do you call them The United Nathans?"
What do you call a duck thats addicted? A quackhead.
Need a good Dad Joke card? Check out our collection of printable Dad Joke Birthday and Father's Day cards!
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems. "
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?' 'No, I don't think they'll fit me.' "
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids. 
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.' 
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician. 
"How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store. "
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! 
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. 
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador. 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic. "
"I'll call you later.' Don't call me later, call me Dad. "
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment. 
Dad: I named you after my father. After my father: I know 
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!' 
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved. "
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either. 
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?' 'Yellow!' 
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
Why haven’t aliens visited our Solar System yet? They looked at the reviews… only 1 star! 
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens. 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. 
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered. 
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner. 
"I begin to read a horror novel in Braille. Something bad is about to happen, I can feel it. "
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit. 
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you. "
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
"Finally my winter fat has gone… Now, I have spring rolls. "
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.' 
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot. 
"One friend complained to another, 'All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.' 'If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?' asked the second friend. 'I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.' "
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents. "
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. 
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home! "
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada. 
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese. 
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.' 
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. 
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.' "
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Ayatollah. ' “Ayatollah who? ' “Ayatollah you already. ' "
"Can February March? No, but April May!' "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
"""Did you get your haircut?"" No, I got them all cut."
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
"What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!"
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
"Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels."
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
"“Today my son asked me, ‘Can I have a bookmark’? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!”"
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
I fear for the calendar. It's days are numbered.
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life."
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body."
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I’m coming down with something.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
A red and blue ship have collided in the Carribean sea. Apparently the suvivors are marooned.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line."
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut."
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
How do you measure the mass of an influencer's following? By Instagrams!
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
"I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it."
I haven't spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her!
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts!
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
"My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. ""Sure,"" I said. ""My door is always open."""
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
Why do Amoung Us characters bottle up their emotions? Because they get kicked out of the group when they vent.
"(Not mine) A man in a trench coat walks up to three old ladies sitting on a park bench He opens up his coat at them, the first old lady had a stroke, the second old lady had a stroke, the third old lady absolutely refused to touch it."
How do you know if there’s an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
"Since starting the quarantine two weeks ago, I’ve been shredding all my old CVS receipts. I’m about halfway done... ...with the first one."
I don't like to illegally download music. I'm afraid I'll get FLAC.
"Honesty is the best policy But by process of elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy. Keep that in mind."
"All my friends told me I have no self-awareness Ridiculous, if I had no self-awareness I think I'd know."
"My old Gramps used to say ""If you've got a screwdriver set, an adjustable spanner and a soldering iron you can fix anything!"" Senile old cunt, I've just made a right fucking mess of my niece's poorly gerbil."
My 6 year old niece told me this one. What do you call an alligator who likes to wear vests?(•_•)( •_•)>⌐■-■(⌐■_■)An investigator
"Son: Dad, why is destruction a form of creation? Dad: Well son, you see, I destroyed your mom's pussy to create your ass."
A hermit crab decided to move into a lovely new home in a swanky neighbourhood. He really had to shell out for that place.
I was banned from the airport last week Apparently security doesn't like it when you call shotgun while boarding the plane
"I had a big wasps nest under the eve of my roof so I went to the hardware store to find some wasp spray. I found a can and asked a worker if this was good for wasps? He says “No, it kills them.”"
Did you hear about the pig who thought he caught Covid on a plane? Turned out to be the 'swine flew'
What has ears but cannot hear? A field of corn.
What do turtles eat? Plastic
Why did the pig jump into the pot of stew? Because it was stew-pig
"Give a man a plane ticket and he'll fly for a day. Push a man out of a plane, and he'll fly for the rest of his life."
What did settlers eat when they headed west? Oregon Trail Mix. I hope this joke doesn't die of dysentery.
Bubonic plague inflames your lymph nodes. But pneumonic plague helps you to remember things
"A sheep and a goat went on a blind date and found out they had nothing in common. When asked about their experience, the Sheep went: “Bah”and the Goat went “Meh”."
It's hard being an American Comedian in Iraq! No matter how many times I keep coming back I'm always bombing!
I always said that I would never ever go walking dark scary tunnels in the earth. But eventually I caved.
I strongly believe in karma. What you do to others you'll get back eventually. So the other week i was pouring ravioli down my neighbours letterbox. And I kept thinking - I wonder what thev've done to deserve this.
"How does a train eat? It goes chew, chew"
"A German is trying to to make his way to Paris At the border, the French customs agent asks him “Name?”“Hans Mueller.”“Place of residence?”“Munich.”“Occupation?”“No, just vacation this time.”"
Do you like Dead Pan jokes? Well that's good because Neverland is just purgatory for children.
What's the difference between an investment banker and a pig? The pig doesn't turn into an investment banker when it's drunk.
I just realized my countertop is made of marble.. I have been taking it for granite all these years.
Where do lonely Sharks go to find companionship? Sand Bars
I got in touch with my inner self this morning. That's the last time I buy one ply toilet paper.
"No one is allowed to congregate for funerals; instead, people drive by the cemetery and honk their horns in respect. One man drives by blasting “Another One Bites The Dust” The family wanted to be mad, but then another car drove by playing the same song, and another one does, and another one does, and another one drives a bus."
How many redditors on r/jokes does it take to change a lightbulb? 87. 1 to install the replacement and 86 to point out it’s already been used before.
The local wig shop got broken into last night They've had to replace all the locks
What do ISIS and little miss muffet have in common? They both have Kurds in their wayCredit to /u/MolecularAnthony
I'm making a silent film set in the Middle East It's titled A Kuwait Place
"Missing South Africa  In Toronto I saw a bumper sticker on a parked car that read: ""I miss South Africa."" So I broke the window, took the radio and left a note that read: ""I hope this helps."""
"I was 16 minutes late for my first math lecture, 8 minutes late for the second, and 4 minutes late for the third. At this rate, I’ll never be there on time."
What's the difference between a prostitute and the American health system? Nothing. They both f*ck around with you and do absolutely nothing unless you pay them.
"A 10 year old girl opens a lemonade stand and sells at such low prices her competition can’t keep up, and is forced to close down. Maybe it would have helped if there were a punch line.."
"Sex is like playing billiards. You have a cue, you have balls, you have a hole and the important rule is that the white one must not go in."
What do you call it when four kangaroos have sex? A kangbang
"I told my husband I’m going gradually cut back my dependence on technology in 2019. I’m starting with the vacuum cleaner, washer/dryer and iron."
Rest in peace to the water I just boiled. It will be mist.
"Dad: [grabs chest] Quick! Call me an ambulance. Me: [hesitantly] You're... an ambulance.Dad: I'm- I'm so proud of you, son [dies]"
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it
What do you call Spiderman when he parks his car? Peter Parker
"Limmerick from The Crown on Netflix There once was a girl named Sally Who enjoyed the occasional dallyShe sat on the lapOf a well-endowed chapAnd cried ""Sir! You're right up my alley."""
What's the difference between a German Tiger and a Siberian Tiger? One can survive the Winter.
"I told my nephew that I was named after George Washington. He said, ""but Uncle, your name is Jon."" I said,""I know I was named AFTER George Washington."""
Why are ghosts terrible liars? Because you can see right through them.
"I got an email from Google saying, 'At Google Earth, we are able to read maps backwards!' and I thought, 'That's just spam!'"
What's the only island you can drive to? Rhode Island.
Don't worry if your parachute won't open. You'll have the rest of your life to fix it.
Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Q: Why don't astronomers like Orion's Belt? A: It's a big waist of space.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
What do you call a TV vaccination? A screen-shot.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
"This morning, Siri said, 'Don’t call me Shirley.' I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode. "
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it. "
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. 
How did the pirate get his ship so cheap? It was on sail.. 
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 'I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.' The patient asks him, 'Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?' The doctor calmly looks at him and says, 'Nine.' "
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!' 
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm. 
"What does a sprinter eat before a race?' 'Nothing, they fast!' "
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night! 
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful! 
What did the DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat? ' 
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart. 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown. 
My IQ test results came back. They were negative. 
"Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother… Sudden Lee. "
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin. 
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet. 
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.' 
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.' "
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!' "
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli. 
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream. 
"How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh?' 'Nothing, it's on the house.' "
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield! 
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus. "
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.' 
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart. 
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. "
"A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here. ' "
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, 'When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.' 'Oh yeah?' the son retorts. 'Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.' "
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.' 
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!' 
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic. "
What do you say to your sister when she’s crying? Are you having a Crisis? 
How do you make 7 even?' 'Take away the s.' 
"I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.' "
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale. 
What religion are crows? Birddism. 
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI. 
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “That’s arson.”"
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. ""She obviously has COVID,"" my wife said. ""Why?"" I asked. ""Because she has no taste."""
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker.
My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth. He said it was acci-dental.
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese.
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own set of scales.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems."
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
I decided to sell the vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust!
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, “I’m getting a divorce,” she was the first one to like it."
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst."
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
"I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it."
"I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head."
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return."
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!"
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
"Clothes, but no cigar."
"Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
"My friends are getting tire of me always talking about sharpening my pencil... ...but really, I'm just trying to make a point."
When a guy walks into a room full of other guys he usually comments on how its a sausage fest... So I wonder do girls walk into a room full of girls and comment on how its a fish fest or total clam jam?
What is the most exciting credit card? Capital One(lets see how many people get this)
I bought a beehive to start my beekeeping company I thought it was a good bees nest
"Dad, are you having a crush on a young popular actress? Am I what, son?"
I saw an amazing picture of a printer on r/funny It was inkredditable
What’s an atom’s favorite salad topping? Croutons
"What breed of dog can jump higher than buildings? Any dog, because buildings can’t jump."
"You know being self quarantined isn't even that boring But I am surprised that there are 7884 grains of rice in one pack, and 7892 in another."
How do you make gold soup? Add 24 carrots
Why can’t you beat the Mandalorian in a race? Because he has the beskar
What do you call a Mexican Owl? Hoolio
Why don’t astronauts need health cover? Because they are never under the weather.
A customer of mine asked how much I’m charging to say this. I said “Nothing. I believe in free speech.”
A dsylexic man walks into a bra Read it again if you didnt get it
Theoretical duck What did the duck say after it split the atom ?Quark ! Quark !
I heard that my sister is dating the teacher. I could hear them making out in the closet yesterday Homeschooling is weird
"I hope someone comes across this distress signal Damn it, I used the wrong flare"
"A man is in an emergency room complaining of severe stomach pains and bowel trouble. The attending physician advises that the patient will need a rectal exam. The doctor positions the patient on the bed on his side and puts on a latex glove... As he lubes up his glove, he says, ""Don't get excited and move too much like last time, Daniel.""The patient says, ""My name isn't Daniel.""The doctor says, ""Mine is."""
A real Picasso painting declared a forgery by a fake authenticator... ...is art officially artificial according to an artificial art official.
What language is universal to strippers? Pole-ish
"If a rabbit lives in a rabbit hole, and a Fox lives in a foxhole, does that mean a donkey live in a asshole?"
Why were Russians indifferent about the Cold War? Because they lived in the So Be It Union
"PROMOTION Employee: Sir, I hope it’s okay that I replace the former manager who just died.   Boss: I’m totally fine with it. But maybe the funeral home won’t allow it."
What did the redneck say when he walked in on his daughter using a cucumber to masturbate? Hey! I was going to eat that later! Now it's going to taste like cucumber.
"Two drunks were walking home along the railway tracks. The first drunk says, ""There's a hell of a lot of steps here.""The second drunk says, ""I'll tell you what's worse, this hand rail is bloody low down"""
"I maintain my stomach tone by doing as many crunches as I can, every day. (Usually either Nestle or Captain)"
Why are atheists bad at exponents? Because they don’t believe in a higher power.
How many Buzzfeed writers does it take to turn on an electric chair? Ten. But number four will shock you.
A Snail was admitted to the hospital because he got ran over by a tortoise. Doctor: You’ve finally woke up! Can you tell us what happened?Snail: I really have no idea it all happened so quickly!
"My wife locked me outside the house coz she got tired of my wordplay jokes I texted her ""Oh Pun the door"""
Sorry for the spelling/grammer mistakes My first language is English.
"In honor of the spooky season, what do you call a compressed pumpkin? A squash :3"
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
Longest Drum Solo The longest drum solo was 10 hours and 25 minutes and it was performed by a child sitting behind me on a flight from LA to Tokyo.
What type of toilets do pirates prefer? Port-a-potties.I'll sea myself out.
Madness at the Snowman's rave last night.. All the Carrots were off their faces
"What does a cyclone, flood, fire and a woman have in common? Sooner or later one of em will get your house...."
A shop keeper fought off a robber with just a price gun! The police are now looking for a person with a price on their head
"A man committed a murder, and he made the mistake of dragging the body across a freshly-paved sidewalk. He was easily convicted.  There was concrete evidence"
"My dad said he was going to set me up for life. Of course, I was excited by the idea. Until he blamed me for the murder he committed."
My friend died when she saw a wild ox wearing a knitted jumper. It was a Cardi Yak arrest.
"I just finished my latest underground movie. It's about a young man who rides a motorcycle naked across America's roughest roads. I call it ""Uneasy Rider""."
"Amanda frowned at the man who had just proposed to her. ""I'm sorry Mike,"" she said. ""I just can't marry you.""""Why not?"" He asked. ""Is there someone else?""The frown deepened. ""Oh Mike... there must be."""
Guess how i escaped Iraq.. IranSYRIASLY
My uncle got rich the American way He tripped over things and sued people.
I know why this entire country has gotten so cold. It's because Trump stopped blowing hot air that kept all of us warm.
I like to do the same thing to my girlfriend that I do with my drum set Pretend that I have one
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was going to get him for Father’s Day? He sensed his presents
"Bill Gates and Elon Musk should team-up and make a medicine to treat erectile dysfunction, And name it ElonGates"
Why did the bicycle collapse? It was two tired.
What do you call a vampire in trouble? A grave problem.
"A brain walks into a bar and takes a seat. ""I'd like some wings and a pint of beer, please,"" he says. ""Sorry, but I can't serve you,"" the bartender replies. ""You're out of your head."""
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
"I was interrogated over the theft of a cheese toastie. Man, they really grilled me."
"I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house... but the kids still get in."
What did the policeman say to his belly button? You're under a vest!
Why did the poor man stock up on yeast? To make some dough.
Why can't the man ghost have babies? Because he has a Hallo-weenie (Maybe leave this one until the kids aren't around!)
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.' 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.' "
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!' 
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns. 
What do you call bears with no ears? B. 
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals! 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
"I remember as a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there. "
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we 'be positive,' but it’s just so hard without him. "
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper. 
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. 
"Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes. "
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there. "
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful! 
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it. 
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean 
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, 'Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?' "
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick. 
"I was in a grocery store when a man started to throw cheese, butter and yoghurt at me. How Dairy! "
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine. 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
"She looked up and whispered, “They’re right behind you'. "
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark. 
What did Adam say to his GF on the 24th of December? It’s Christmas Eve. 
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up. 
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos. 
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?' 'No, I don't think they'll fit me.' "
How do you get a good price on a sled?' 'You have toboggan.' 
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring. "
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing. 
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.' 
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.' 
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!' 
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross. 
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef? "
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.' 
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square. 
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up 
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake. 
Q: How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? A: Eclipse it 
What is the opposite of ladies fingers? Mentos 
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. "
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What’s the best kind of bird to work for a construction company? A crane.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
"I failed my driving test today. The instructor asked me, “What do you do at a red light?” I said, “I usually check my emails and see what people are up to on Facebook.”"
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. ""No,"" I said. ""It's to look at."""
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time"
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
I haven’t talked to my wife in a week — I didn’t want to interrupt her.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
"Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash."
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
Why did the man get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!"
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please."
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins."
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Held a poker night where the buy in was a prime ribeye. I invited my brother but he said the steaks were too high.
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
"I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming."
Where did Oscar the Grouch get all of his opiates from? Poppy street
My coach told me to bring out the tiger in me during our football game. I didn't want to waste any of my favorite frosted flakes cereal.
I heard a fight broke out in the orchestra hall today. Apparently someone struck a wrong cord and it led to a lot of violins.
Did you hear about the Owl that could play American football? It was a superb_owl.
What do a Hurricane and a wife have in common? One day it is wet and exciting and the next day your house is gone.
"A guy walking down the road ,comes across a farmer. This farmer has boxes upon upon boxes of peaches, in the middle of nowhere mind you. The guy, buys a few peaches and asks the farmer, “what do you do with this massive amount of peaches”The farmer replies ‘well we sell what we can, and what we can’t we can.’"
"It was time to get our chimney cleaned so I called a professional chimney sweep. He checks things out and after 10 minutes hands me an estimate. After checking it out I protested. ""Twenty five hundred! Are you nuts? I'll clean it myself! Ok soot yourself."
Bad Dad Joke What do you get when you cross a sheep with an elephant?A Wolly Mammoth!
Who would have thought that one day we'd be smoking weed at a family gathering.... .....but the illegal part would be the gathering.
I am in the hospital because my cousin’s brother swallowed a 16gb memory card and he is singing all songs in it Were hoping it doesn't reach video folder...
"Why is reading the onion more useful than reading the Wall Street Journal? Because the Wall Street Journal is about the past, while the Onion is about the future"
"On new years, 2019, i made a resolution to lose 10 kg by 2020. After months of hard work, blood, sweat, and tears, I can proudly say i only have 16 more kg to go"
A good farmer is not just good at what he does He’s the best in his field
What’s a sus dudes favorite pair of shoes? SKETCHers
Had a bunch of missed calls yesterday... They were from my buddy Mike complaining he was sore all over. I think I missed Mike ache day.
Errors are red My screen is blueI think I deletedSystem 32
Do you have a USB wire thingy so I can charge my phone in my honda? **Best Buy employee:** a cord?**Me:** no it's a Civic.
My grandfather’s last wish was that we convert his ashes into a diamond. That’s a lot of pressure.
Scientists got so bored of watching the Earth spin that after 24 hours They called it a day.
I just got a new job teaching English at a maximum security prison. It's going to be tough but like any other job out there..... It'll have its prose and cons.
How do you harvest crops in the winter? With an ice sickle
"My 7yr old son told me this tonight. What do you call a snowman temper tantrum? A meltdown*edit* Thanks for the silver, its greatly appreciated"
"When cashing out at the grocery store it was obvious my cashier was high, slow as hell, and insulting me under their breath. I still don't know if I like self-checkout."
"A friend of mine said he likes metal. A friend of mine said he likes metal, so I asked him to tell me 3 blacksmiths. He said, ""Will, Jaden, and Willow."""
What's the loudest part of tennis? The Racquet
Scientists modified bears DNA to make them more humanlike. ... unfortunately the result was unbearable
"A woman goes into an art gallery and sees two still-life pictures. Both are of a table laid for lunch with a glass of wine, a basket of bread rolls and a plate of sliced ham. However, one picture is selling for $75 and the other for $100. Curious, she goes to the gallery owner and asks him what the difference is between the two pictures. The owner points at the $100 painting and says, “You get more ham with that one.”"
Only 1% of population uses the labels on clothes to check washing method The remaining 99% believes that the label is to see where the back side is.
Why did the dyslexic kid push his brother out of the window? He wanted to see Tim fly.
How to control population ? Google: Use a CondomBing: \*Cocks Gun\*
scooby-doo: it’s a g-g-g-ghost! **ghost:** holy fuck a talking dog!
What do you call a Labrador who does Magic? Labrakadabrador
Ice Cream gets tested positive for Covid in China I hope they've put it straight into iceolation
"A lamb hovered at the foot of my bed, then disappeared, as I lay frozen in fear. Sometimes I get sheep paralysis."
What do you call an authoritarian couch potato? A dictator tot
"I called the RSPCA I called the RSPCA today and said, ""I've just found a suitcase in the woods containing a fox and four cubs.""""That's terrible,"" the woman on the phone replied. ""Are they moving?""""I'm not sure, to be honest, but that would explain the suitcase’’"
Why did the woman flash the tattoo artist. It was tit for tat.
"After cremating my grandma, I put her ashes into a trophy. She urned it."
"My lotion bottle says to use on areas of irritation so I slathered it all over my coworker, Deborah."
"I have to give a talk in college next week, on the history and manufacture of petroleum-based lubricants, so I've spent all day in the local library. They have an excellent non-friction section."
My dad is a lot like avatar Aang. In the sense that he dissapeared on me when I needed him most.
What's the biggest drawback to voting by mail? Postage from Russia will cost a fortune!
Trump says he’s a self-made man. I think it’s decent of him to take the blame.
What do you call a road vehicle designed to carry a large amount of fuck-ups? A blunderbuss
What's the most unhealthy meal served in a nursing home? The Seizure salad.
I identify as an ambulance My pronouns are wee/woo
"I thought I'd make a joke about fencing but then I saw the rule about ""no ripostes"""
"A Scottish man walks into a bakery and says ""excuse me, is that a doughnut or a meringue?” To which the baker replies “No you're right enough it's a doughnut"""
"A man walks into a magic forest A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree.  ""You can't cut me down,"" the tree complains. ""I'm a talking tree!"" The  man responds, ""You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue."""
"Me: Hello, ASPCA? There's a polecat clinging to my ceiling fan ASPCA: We don't believe youMe: Well you'll have to take my whirred ferret"
What do monsters like to watch movies on? Wide scream TVs.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
"Today, my son asked, ""Can I have a bookmark?"" I burst into tears-11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian."
Why do geologists hate their jobs? They get taken for granite.
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it's full of blades.
Why was the dad sitting on a pack of playing cards? His kid asked him to sit on the deck.
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel. She said I won't be able to make it."
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
"In a freak accident today, a photographer was killed when a huge lump of cheddar landed on him. To be fair, the people who were being photographed did try to warn him."
"How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it's on the house."
What does garlic do when it gets hot?' 'It takes its cloves off.' 
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled? 
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. 
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time. 
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.' 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.' 
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.' 
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
What did the DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat? ' 
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved. "
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. 
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
"What does a sprinter eat before a race?' 'Nothing, they fast!' "
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me. "
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table. 
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something. 
Why is the letter A like a flower? Because a “b' comes after it! 
It takes guts to be an organ donor.' 
"I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find was 401 matches… "
Whoever stole my depression medication: I hope you’re happy. 
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word. "
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. 
Steve Jobs would have made a better president than Donald Trump… But that’s comparing apples to oranges. 
I asked the librarian if books about paranoia were avaiable. 
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot. 
"What's the best thing about Switzerland?' 'I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.' "
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?' 'Pilgrims.' "
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump. "
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans. 
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.' 
"Can February March? No, but April May! "
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
"Can February March? No, but April May! "
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins. "
What did Adam say to his GF on the 24th of December? It’s Christmas Eve. 
What does a bee use to brush its hair?' 'A honeycomb!' 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.' 
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them. "
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled? 
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate. 
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy. "
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now. 
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck. 
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head."
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!"
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
Can I watch TV? Yes but don't turn it on.
I’m thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it’s only holding me back.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble."
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective."
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around."
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
What do you call a line you wait in to buy a grill? A Barbe-Queue.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn.
I fear for the calendar. It's days are numbered.
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
I told my dad he had to quit smoking. When it came to his health we just couldn’t brisket.
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other 'Does this taste funny to you?
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel."
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
"Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold."
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
"I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”"
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
My neighbor got sued for a fire his grill started. He filed for an appeal when he lost and it ended up in a pellet court.
"My girlfriend left a note on my PS4 today. My heart stopped beating because it said ""This isn't working"" Imagine my relief when I turned it on and it worked just fine."
It's fine to be enthusiastic about sailing... Just don't go overboard
A termite walks into a bar and says... 'Where is the bar tended?'
I was pretty mad when they told me my flat earth movie was nominated for an award. Golden globes
"A married couple is sitting at the kitchen table The woman asks her husband: ""Tell me, what did you think when you first saw me?"" The man replies: ""I thought - damn, I would like to suck her tits dry and fuck her brains out.""The woman blushes and asks: ""What do you think now?""The man says: ""I think, I did a pretty good job with that."""
What is the script editors blood Type? Type O !
Those childhood days(real incident) I am sharing my childhood event and this makes me laughs hilariouslyTeacher (on phone): You say Edward has a cold and can’t come to school today? To whom am I speaking?Voice: This is my father.
I asked my daughter if she’d seen my newspaper. She told me that newspapers are old school. She said that people use tablets nowadays and handed me her iPad. That fly didn’t stand a chance.
"Husband on second day of marriage... ...goes to the beautician who did his wife's bridal make up, and gifted her beautifully packed iphone 7 plus box.She opened the box with great happiness and was depressed to see a Nokia 1100. Husband smiled and said' same feeling '"
"Whenever I hear about a mass shooting, the first thing I say is Betty White"
The new X Box Series or PS5 should have a CD stacker installed. It would be a real game changer
"A redneck suffered a nasty fall... So he visited a physician and sought treatment. “Apply this ointment to the area where injury was sustained,” the doctor said. The redneck happily left the clinic and proceeded to liberally apply ointment on the sidewalk where he fell."
My mind is like a steel trap I can use it once and then I have to reset it.
"I saw a man going up a hill with a trolley full of horseshoes, four leaf clovers and rabbit's feet... I thought, “Well he's pushing his luck!”"
If a biologist studies biology and a nutritionist studies nutrition Trump must be an expert at studying races.
What is Michael Jackson's favorite lunchtime meal? Grilled Chee-heese
"I started dating this blonde chick last night. ""Do you have any kids?"" she asked. ""Yes,"" I replied. ""I have one child that's just under two."" She said, ""I might be blonde, but I know how many one is."""
"A blonde is sitting next to a brunette on a plane. She turns to the dark haired woman and asks, ""Where are you from?"" The brunette haughtily replies, ""I'm from a place where we know better than to end a sentence with a preposition.""The blonde pauses for a second and then asks, ""Where are you from, bitch?"""
"Did you know the toothbrush was invented in West Virginia? If it had been invented anywhere else, it would have been called the “teethbrush”"
"A Chinese guy in the U.S. goes to exchange his currency. He exchanges C¥10,000 and gets US$1,500.The next day, he exchanges another C¥10,000, but gets only US$1,499. He asks why.The exchange clerk says, “Fluctuations.”The Chinese guy is shocked for a moment, and yells back, “Fluctuamelicans!”"
My friend writes songs about sewing machines. He’s a Singer song writer.
Did you hear about the constipated accountant? He worked it out with a pencil
"Those push-up bras aren't very good, are they? I wore my wife's to the gym this morning and I still couldn't manage more than six."
"So, after all your time on the internet, have you learned how to avoid clickbait? Doesn't seem like it"
I just realised my new electric toothbrush is not waterproof I was shocked.
"It's dark, gloomy with a slight bit of fog. The little girl grips the man's hand tightly as an owls hoot echoed through the rustling trees... ""I'm scared"" said the little girl.""You're scared?!"" Said the man. ""At least you don't have to walk back alone!"""
"When trouble brews, why do members of the White House staff rush the president to the Oval Office? Because he can never be cornered there."
"My uncle married a woman from Tokyo and they just had a daughter! She's my Japaniece.Edit: guys, I see my mistake.Shiiit. Well imma leave now."
Why is the west of Africa weaker than the east of Africa? Because the west is a Ghana (goner)(Created by my son)
Why did the dollar bill go to a therapist? He wasn't making any cents.
"“You’re the bomb!” “No, you’re the bomb!” In America, a compliment. In the Middle East, an argument."
What do you call a Snowman with a six pack? ..............                                                  An abdominal Snowman.  ;)
"No Good Question Goes Unbilled... A man went to a lawyer and asked what his fee was. The lawyer says, ""$100 for three questions.""""Isn't that a bit steep?"" asked the man.""Yes,"" said the lawyer. ""Now, what's your third question?"""
As a philosopher I believe in the infinite universes theory So there’s a universe where I didn’t commit 3 dozen war crimes against the children of Djibouti
"A Priest, a Rabbi, a Nun, two gorillas, a leopard, a horse, two turtles, and a dragonfly walk into a bar. Bartender yells, “What is this, some sort of joke?”"
What do you call a Dent that looks better from a different angle? Harvey    \*My first 100% original dad joke. I am proud of me\*
"A group of girls named Karen, Jane and Ruth often hang out. What are Karen and Jane like by themselves? Completely Ruthless"
"This book, “The Procrastination Cure: 21 Proven Tactics For Conquering Your Inner Procrastinator” I have had it in my Amazon shopping cart for six months, I will probably order it tomorrow."
How many lips does a flower have? Tulips
what do you call a pit stop that sells crabs and pizza? a crust station
"Leafblowers are dangerous Be careful! If you point a leaf blower upwards, it blows up."
A cockroach in my home just came out of the closet. I was shocked at first but I made sure that it felt supported and loved no matter what or whome it loved.
I forgot to pack a fork with my lunch today. It was a pointless lunch.
"A paranoid schizophrenic was arrested for killing 17 pigeons in a local park. He wasn't arrested for murder, or animal cruelty. His actual charge was for the destruction of government property."
"At the last supper, Jesus breaks the bread and says ""this is my body"", pours the wine and says ""this is my blood""... ...and then opens a jar of mayo and Judas says ""Okay buddy I'm gonna stop you right there."""
Dad joke alert: why didn't the crab and lobster get along? They were too shellfish.
How am I similar to the Earth ? We both rotate around our own ex(s)
"I want my 11780 dollars. Dear Bank of America, I just want to find 11780 more dollars in my savings account.Everyone at your bank counted wrong."
"
"" Could you explain to me why I woke up this morning with a cucumber up my ass? "" My wife screamed. "" Could you explain to me,"" I yelled back, "" Why you didn't wake up when I put it there? """
Donald Trump has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize For real
"Clark: ""I'll have a coke."" Flight attendant: ""Do you want that in the can?"" Clark: ""No, I'll have it right here."""
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit.
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
"My 3-year-old son said, ""Put my shoes on."" I told him, ""I think my feet are too big."""
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return."
"I had a joke about Nirvana, but Nevermind."
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
"Monica: ""Okay, I've got a leg, three breasts and a wing."" Chandler: ""How do you find clothes that fit?"
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago. 
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. 
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli. 
"Niece: I have a lot of friends named Nathan, there’s Nathan…(endless droning about nicknames). Me: When they are together, do you call them The United Nathans? "
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. "
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.' 
"Q: If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? A: Missile toe. "
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.' 
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. 
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?' 'Sofishticated.' 
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.' 
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. 
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef? "
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands. "
"I begin to read a horror novel in Braille. Something bad is about to happen, I can feel it. "
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.' 
How do you make 7 even?' 'Take away the s.' 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account?' 'Prime mates.' 
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.' 
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it! 
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning. "
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, 'Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?' "
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards.ME: …And? 
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything! 
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. 'I want to meet my biological parents,' the son demands. 'We are your biological parents,' the father responds. 'Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.' "
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.' 
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple! 
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker. 
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi. 
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. 
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let’s make this interesting.' So we stopped playing chess. "
Q: How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? A: Eclipse it 
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.' 
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer. 
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs. 
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?' 'Where's Pop Corn?' 
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged. 
Where do you learn to make a banana split?' 'Sundae school.' 
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.' 
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
Why do plants hate math? It gives them square roots… 
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. 
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"Clothes, but no cigar."
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
"My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!"
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!"
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
A policy officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other off.
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”"
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold.
Did you hear about the hungry clock. It went back four seconds.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return."
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
What do you call a line you wait in to buy a grill? A Barbe-Queue.
"This ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”"
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
What do you call a man wearing a rug on his head? Matt.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store.
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
How does a man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Which school subject was the witch's favorite? Spelling.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
"How do you lift an elephant with one hand? You can't, elephant only have feet."
"Ladies, if he can't appreciate your fruit puns, you need to let that mango."
What do you call a mac 'n' cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food!
"What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of coordination? ""Hand eeeeeyeeeee......"""
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? Cause you shouldn't press your luck.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
"A termite walks into a bar and asks, ""Is the bar tender here?"""
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot. 
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used. 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
"I remember as a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there. "
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though. "
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. "
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. 
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime. "
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder. 
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.' "
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.' "
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I’m going on ahead. 
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March. 
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex. 
Why is the letter A like a flower? Because a “b' comes after it! 
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
I was addicted to hokey pokey…but I turned myself around. 
"Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession. "
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!' 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor. "
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.' 
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador. 
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. 
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot. 
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown. 
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?' 'Where's Pop Corn?' 
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending. 
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something. 
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.' 
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up. "
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday! 
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. 
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?' 'Where's Pop Corn?' 
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, 'When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.' 'Oh yeah?' the son retorts. 'Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.' "
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used. 
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf "
Vin Diesel eats two meals a day. Breakfast and breakfurious. 
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?' 'Where's Pop Corn?' 
What do you call a belt made of watches?' 'A waist of time.' 
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you! 
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaad mooood.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
"I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any."
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other 'Does this taste funny to you?
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
"What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume."
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now.
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
"Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold."
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
"Son: Dad, can I watch the TV? Dad: Sure, just don’t turn it on."
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts!
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
"This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode."
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I’m coming down with something.
"Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
"Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right."
"I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. “Which ear is it?” he asked. “2018,” I replied."
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
"I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find."
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time"
"Two hats were hanging on a hat rack. One said 'You stay here, i'll go on a head'."
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
"I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work."
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold.
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
"I recently started learning to play the violin, and I think my neighbor enjoys it. I assume he's throwing bricks through my windows to hear me better."
"“Hey, I’m looking for a book about turtles” “Ah yes, the hard back”“Yeah, With small heads”"
Why are panthers so much stealthier than their jaguar and leopard cousins? Because they're never spotted.
"God wants to go on vacation So he asks his angels for suggestions. Venus? asks one, god says no too hot. Another says Mars; no too cold. What about earth? Earth! No way, god says. 2000 years ago I hooked up with some girl there and they’re still talking about it!"
What do you call a molecular ring of six iron atoms? A ferrous wheel.
What do you call a cheese factory from the Middle East? Cheeses of Nazareth
"I Was on an Egg Hunt Earlier. I tried to find them by heading to the far West, but it turns out it was an Easter Egg hunt."
whats a dogs favorite vegetable collie-flower
"I think something went wrong during my laser eye surgery. I can see just fine, but I can't figure out how to shoot the lasers"
My psychiatrist wrote on my evaluation form that I have ocd. I had to correct it to OCD.
2020 is the most popular year on the internet. It went viral.
"I think stimulus checks should also extend to all waterfowl. Because ducks have bills too, you know."
Why'd the jelly cross the road? to create a traffic jam
"A group of dudes are walking through the park They see a young pair banging in the bushes. One of the dudes can't help himself but comment:""Hey, man, leave some for us!""""I can't, I inserted everything."""
My local butcher switched to using sea birds in his sausage. It was a tern for the wurst.
On my way to work this morning a bird decided to make its home on top of my head. I went to call someone for help but my phone had run out of power I'm now under a nest without charge
"When James Earl Jones auditioned for Darth Vader, George Lucas told him he had to have a Mid-Atlantic accent. So, he went and bought a scuba air tank, and the rest is history."
Did you hear about the upcoming chef from Denmark who’s trying to break into comedy? He’s calling himself the new Dane Cook.
"Breaking News: Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan and North Korea to send a joint expeditionary force... ...to Washington D.C. in order to bring peace, democracy and the rule of law to the troubled nation of United States of America."
What award did the deceased chick pea receive? A posthummus award
"what's black, white, orange and terrifying? My voters pamphlet."
What's the difference between a small child and a gorilla? People actually care if a gorilla dies.
Pink Fluff... What's pink and fluffy?Pink FluffWhat's Blue and Fluffy?Pink Fluff holding it's breath.(My niece told me this)
"NSFW A man returns to work on Tuesday after a long weekend due to his 25th wedding anniversary he had celebrated over the weekend. His buddies were happy to see him and wanted to know how his little vacation was. ""Perfect!"", he replied. ""I came home, and nobody was home. So I went upstairs to the bedroom and there she was; naked and on all fours, and she tells me happy anniversary, you can do whatever you want to me!His friends asked, ""So what did you do!?!?""He replied, ""I sent her to her mother's!"""
"What is the difference between a tire and 365 condoms? One is a good year, the other is a great year."
If Christopher Walken gets an incurable and fatal disease... Would that make him a dead man Walken?
"Two guys are talking when one says, “Hey I finally finished that book I was writing about the indefinite continued progress of existence and events in the past, present, and future regarded as a whole.” And the other guy says to him, “It’s about time.”"
"The teacher asks Johnny if he knows his numbers. ""Yes,” he says, “my daddy taught me.”“Can you tell me what comes after three?"" “Four."" “What comes after six?"" “Seven."" “Very good"" says the teacher. ""Your dad did a very fine job. What comes after ten?"" “A jack.”"
For my first cake day I want to share a joke my dad told me when I was probably too young to really understand it. How does an elephant hide in the jungle? Climbs to the top of a cherry tree and paints his balls red. What’s the loudest sound in the jungle? Giraffes eating cherries! (Apologies if you’ve heard it before fellow Redditors! Maybe by next cake day I’ll get better material)
They say you should test your fire alarm once a month... But it's costing me a fortune in houses!
"Recently I met a pair of twins named Sharon and Karen They were wearing the same clothes, same makeup, and same personality. In fact, they were pretty much the same person. So I guess it is just as they say, Sharon is Karen"
I'm addicted to buying hatchets from other countries because of the smell. I just love Foreign Axe Scents**Taken from Axe Junkies facebook group I'm in.
How many men escaped the destruction of Sodom? A Lot.
"I’m a huge fan of foreign martial arts, so I went to Thailand for an MMA competition Somebody must have given me the directions to a local Star Wars convention instead because all I see are Thai Fighters"
"When my parents were getting divorced, I was given a choice to go with my mom or dad. I chose my mom. I left my dad for milk."
Why do Nature Valley Granola Bars make good trail food? Because they go fucking-everywhere! When you eat them.
"DmX meets Prince Phillip at the pearly gates DMX meets Prince Phillip at the Pearly Gates after DMX dies at 50 years old. Prince Phillip scoffs at him. ""50?!"".DMX says ""Nah man, you got me confused with that other rapper."""
"I visited a cafe and ordered eggs for breakfast this morning. The woman behind the counter asked, ""How would you like your eggs cooked."" ""Does it affect the price?"" I said. ""No, not at all."" she replied. ""In that case I'd like them cooked with bacon, sausage and tomato please."""
What did one loaf of German bread say to the other? Gluten tag!
"After having his title stripped and funds cut off by the Royal Family, Harry has taken up painting to supplement his income. He’s the Artist formerly known as Prince."
What’s the difference between a step stool and a 3D printer? The former is a ladder and the latter is a former.
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?    Billy Jeans!
"I told my girlfriend she'd get Sax lessons for her birthday Offended she asked: ""Sex lessons? Isn't it good enough?"".""Oh no honey, I meant the saxophone.So you can finally learn how to blow."""
The American Foundation for the Blind has done such good work for blind people across America I really wish they could see what good they’ve done
Why don't chinese kids believe in Santa? Because they make the toys.
I got super freaked out when I saw 2 dead bodies hanging in my closet I was relieved when I remembered I had just installed a mirror in there.
"I had dinner with Garry Kasparov at a restaurant with a checked tablecloth... I asked him to pass the salt, & it took 3 1/2 hours"
Why does DJ Khaled shout his name at the beginning of the songs he produces? So you know that it's time to change the channel.
"Wearing a mask without it covering your nose, is like wearing a condom but poking a hole in the top. Sure, it’s on, but sooner or later something bad will happen because of it."
"My dad doesnt trust anyone, in fact he has a saying about it But he wouldnt tell meCredits: Anthony Jeselnik"
Why didn't Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie.
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
How do trees access the internet? They log in.
What part of the museum makes everyone sneeze? The sta-tues.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
15 When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
What did the vampire say when she saw her reflection? Time to get a new mirror.
What did the paper say to the pencil? You've got a good point!
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, ""I love you."" ""Is that you or the beer talking?"" she asked. I answered, ""It's me... talking to my beer."""
"I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.' "
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged. 
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya! 
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing. 
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1 
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming. 
Which cat is the least loyal? A cheetah. 
I had a fun childhood. My dad used to push me down the hill in old tires. They were Goodyears. 
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
When my wife is depressed I let her color in my tattoos. She just wants a shoulder to crayon. 
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.' 
Why do standup comedians perform poorly in Hawaii? Because the audience only responds in a low ha. 
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. "
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me. 
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1 
What do you call a zombie’s butt? Deadass 
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
I once got fired from a canned juice factory. Apparently I couldn’t concentrate. 
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked 'Bohemian Rhapsody.' 
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie? 
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker. 
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores. 
"My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle. "
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
Vin Diesel eats two meals a day. Breakfast and breakfurious. 
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning. 
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.' "
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him. 
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers. 
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?' 'No, but I'll wrestle you for them.' "
"I named my dog “5 miles.' So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.' "
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?' 'Where's Pop Corn?' 
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.' "
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.' "
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.' 
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust. 
"Niece: I have a lot of friends named Nathan, there’s Nathan…(endless droning about nicknames). Me: When they are together, do you call them The United Nathans? "
We all know about Murphy’s Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage. 
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
"Q: If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? A: Missile toe. "
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.' 
"I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!"
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands."
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them."
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice.
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, “Is it to scale?” I replied, “No… It’s to look at”"
"I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it."
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
"""Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia."" Man: ""Wait! I can explain everything!"""
What did the exasperated man serve at his barbecue? Sheesh kabobs.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “That’s arson.”"
What happened to the lost beef shipment? Nobody's herd.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble."
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
"“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes."
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
I’m getting really good at beating computers Captcha thinks I’m not even human
"I asked the doctor if I could sew up my own wound. He said ""suture self"""
My dad thought OnlyFans was a webstore that just sold air conditioning units. I suppose you can still find something on there to spin around and blow you.
I asked the farmers to attend a meeting on Thursday morning. None of them turnip.
"When the heat turns down,we thieves gather in our secret hideout for a meeting. We call it our Con Den session."
"A poem (Nsfw) There once was a gal from Cancun,Who had a most curious poon.T'was coarse like a thistle,But tight as a whistle,And whilst cumming, could play you a tune."
"Roses are red,violets are blue If you were expecting a generic meme fuck you"
What room is useless for a ghost? A living room  xD
"Why did Rudolph run away from Santa, get a tattoo and dye his tail purple? He was a rebel without a Claus"
"During a business meeting yesterday, someone asked me about my background. So I told him about my education, career, family, hopes and dreams. Turns out he was asking about what was behind me on our Zoom call."
Did you hear about the guy who went to the ER with 15 little toy ponies stuck up in his rear end? Doctors say his condition is stable.
Did you hear about the new heated children's gloves that would turn on and off without warning? Did you hear about the new heated children's gloves that would turn on and off without warning?They worked inter-mitten-ly
"I've been having a rough time lately wth my life, and my best friend suggested I try some insoluble fiber. He said it really helped him keep his shit together."
What do call a Cougar that has lost her hearing? A Def Leppard
What do snails say when they gave way to traffic? Yescargot
"Apparently, drinking a pint of beer shortens your lifespan by nine minutes. According to my calculations I died some time in 1829."
Every date I’ve ever had has been like my WiFi signal. No Connection.
"I finally managed to achieve my new years resolution My 4K monitor turned up this morning, I'm so happy!!"
I found the first four Harry Potter books to be quite light hearted. The fifth one though was dead Sirius.
"Two guys want to share a golf cart Pro: Sorry, because of Covid19 you can't share a cart unless you're cohabitating.Customer points to friend; Well, I'm fucking his wife."
How does an Italian win an award in television? He has to rigatoni
"Today my son asked, ""Can you lend me a book mark?"" I immediately burst into tears.12 years old and he doesn't know my name is Brian."
I discovered red crayons in my girlfriends nurse uniform. She said it's in case she has to draw blood.
"I hope this joke isn’t as bad as I’d think it is... it’s my first one. Hey did you hear about Jim?No, Why? I heard his septic burst.Oh I see...Yea man must have been a pretty crappy thing to happen..."
Tiger Woods wanted to play at The Masters..... But everyone knew he’d have trouble getting past the turn.
My wife was complaining that I never buy her flowers. I didn't even know she sold them.
When a woman says she'll be ready in 15 minutes she will be. No need to keep reminding her every hour.
In honor of the other math joke I saw on the front page A mountain climber is climbing a mountain from the bottom along it’s only path. A mosquito starts at the top and follows the path downwards. Where do the two meet?Nowhere. You can’t cross a scalar and a vector.
I saw someone playing the guitar with a pool stick. It was acoustic.
"The Tupperware Bra Heard this a very long time ago. The latest thing in female under garments, does not lift, does not separate, does not support, but it keeps what you got nice and fresh."
Do you know what the biggest state is in the US? DaNile it has a population of 74million.
"A man committed a murder, and he made the mistake of dragging the body across a freshly-paved sidewalk. He was easily convicted.  There was concrete evidence"
What makes crop circles? A protractor.
Why does the tooth hate minorities? Because it is bracist
"My wife cut herself putting the clothes away. When she showed me, I said, ""Wow, and I thought I was a sharp dresser."""
"A student comes late to the class Teacher (T): Why are you late?Student (S): Mom and dad were fightingT: So what makes you late if they were fighting?S: One of my shoes were in my dad's hand, and the other in my mom's"
"Me- ""So I was making a family tree for class."" Stranger on the bus- ""...ok?""Me-  ""Turns out that my father's father was a Jew.""Stranger- ""That's interesting.""Me- ""Yeah, guess you could say that makes me...Jew-ish."""
What do you call the worst student in a graduating class of medical students? Doctor.
If only mosquito nets were handed out in Africa. Each year we could save millions of mosquitoes dying needlessly of AIDS
Damn girl are you a pink Himalayan salt lamp? Cuz this clearly isn’t working and I still feel like shit when I’m around you.
What music to kangaroos like?? Hip hop!!!!
"I was once taught that nothing rhymes with silver... But to this day, I still don’t think they sound the same."
What device is best to measure a mother's temperature? A ther-mom-meterFrom my 10 year old who had the flu the past couple of days.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An orca-stra.
Rockstar Just Annouced A GTA Spinoff About Breaking And Entering Its called GTFO
"Don't know if this has been posted here but let's try Little Johnny came home and ran to his mother.""Mummy! I was on the bus with Daddy and he made me stand up so a woman could sit down.""""Well...How kind of your daddy! You should learn from him."" Johnny then frowned.""I was sitting on Daddy's lap"""
Man was reading his wife's suicide note Then he thought he could be a wonderful writer
A knight’s brother was slain in battle by monster Knight: I will avenge the death of my brother!Hunter: You have my bow!Warrior: And my axe!Mage: And my staff!Necromancer: And your dead brother!
"Roses are red, violets are blue. When it comes to flower colours, the person who made this has no clue."
"David Beckham’s son arrived for football training. He asked the coach, “What number shirt am I?”The coach said “Wear four out there, Romeo”."
"Q: What did the three-legged dog say when he walked into a saloon? A: ""I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."""
What does a house wear to a birthday party? Address.
What do you call it when Dwayne Johnson buys a cutting tool? Rock pay-for scissors.
Why was King Arthurs army too tired to fight? All of those sleepless knights.
Why do demons and ghouls hang out together? Because demons are a ghoul's best friend.
"Whenever we drive past a graveyard my dad says, 'Do you know why I can't be buried there?' And we all say, 'Why not?' And he says, 'Because I'm not dead yet!'"""
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
What do you call a three-footed aardvark? A yardvark.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
My IQ test results came back. They were negative. 
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.' 
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.' "
I was addicted to hokey pokey…but I turned myself around. 
"Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad. "
"A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, “What’s with the paper towel? ' The pirate says, “Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head! ' "
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.' "
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you?' 'An iWitness.' "
"A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, “What’s with the paper towel? ' The pirate says, “Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head! ' "
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.' 
"A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, “What’s with the paper towel? ' The pirate says, “Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head! ' "
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. "
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick.' 
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit. 
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. "
When does a joke become a “dad joke? ' When it becomes apparent. 
Dad: I named you after my father. After my father: I know 
Why is the letter A like a flower? Because a “b' comes after it! 
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!' 
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids. 
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night! 
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space. 
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
What's a robot's favorite snack?' 'Computer chips.' 
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.' 
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March. 
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers. 
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
Sore throats are a pain in the neck. 
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison! 
"Dad, did you get a haircut?' 'No, I got them all cut!' "
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!' 
How do you make 7 even?' 'Take away the s.' 
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. 
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice. 
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment. 
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago. 
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water. 
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. 
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato. 
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins. "
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once."
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
"At the job interview, they asked me, “Where do you see yourself in five years?”"
What genre are national anthems? Country.
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
"I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find."
"How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor."
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
"You can't spell par entry without ""try."""
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
"This ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”"
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”"
"Me: “Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field.” Son: “So what?” Me: “It’s pasture bedtime.”"
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water."
What do houses wear? An address.
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
"I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head."
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
"I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a grape."
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
Did you hear about the hungry clock. It went back four seconds.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other 'Does this taste funny to you?
"You’re American when you go into the bathroom, and you’re American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you’re in there? European."
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care."
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say “cheese.”
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
"“I saw a 1,000-year-old oil stain; it was from ancient Greece.”"
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
"What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me."
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands."
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
"I was on a date with this girl I found on tinder I reached the cafe early. She came a little later. Like a gentleman, I helped her sit by pulling her stool. When she seemed comfortable I asked, ""Can I push your stool in ?""She : ""Let's see how this date goes first"""
I'm trying to stream Titanic But it keeps syncing
"My great grandfather got to see the Titanic He told everyone it would sink, no one believed him. He said it again, they shut him up. For the last time, he warned everyone that it would sink. They have had enough and he got kicked out of the movie theatre."
Mama always said “Work until your bank account looks like a phone number.” Well I did it! Bank balance: 9.11!
"In 1862, Australia implemented a telegraph system that stretched from south Australia to Indonesia and beyond. Effectively becoming Australia’s first internet. And the speed of communication hasn’t changed since."
What did the pig say at the beach on a hot summer's day? I'm bacon!
"My brain is like an F-22 Raptor Aging, no longer in production and spare parts not available."
Diet Day 1...I've finally got rid of all the fattening food from the house. It was fu***ng delicious.
My New Year’s resolution is to stop procrastinating. But I’ll wait until tomorrow to start.
"When a fisherman fishes out money, he does not have to report it to the government because that's net income."
"If gays come out of the closet, where do straights come out of? Compton"
"It took a while for Americans to get COVID-19. But in China, they got it right off the bat."
My sister got captured by terrorists while vacationing in Iraq But I guess jihad it coming
"Rarely, hikers of the Appalachian trail report seeing psychic grizzlies take control of their friends, who start foraging and looking for honey... Bear in mind, that doesn't happen very often."
A bear wanders into a police station He was just there to bear witness
"Yes, Buzz Lightyear could kill all the other toys But Woody?"
What school of magic does a Giraffe practice? Neckromancy
That’s not a Crocodile Dundee reference... THIS is a Crocodile Dundee reference.
i read on the internet there's a lot of people shooting heroin ...how is that guy still alive?
Virgin Boyfriend and girl  had first sexIt was wild and passionate After sex boyfriend said :B: If a knew you where a virgin I would have waited more G: If I knew you would wait I would have taken my pantyhose off
"I lose my White friends in the snow, I lose my Black friends at night, I lose my Asian friends in the sand, where do I lose my Arab friends? In an explosion."
Executives at Monsanto have announced an initiative to genetically alter deer for increased movement speed. Those assholes will do anything to make a quick buck
(written by my 13-year-old son) What do you call a pig with herpes? A warthog.
A butcher was selling a barrel of pork For 600 dollars.
California scientists are studying the impact of cannabis seeds from the farms will have on the local seabird population Apparently they are being thorough and are leaving no tern unstoned
Why doesn't Ellen have a cooking segment? She's always eating out
What do call someone who steals pancakes? A Crepetomaniac
"So I was all dressed in latex whipping my slave when they kept on yelling someone else's safe word. Then I realized this was my Wednesday appointment and not my Thursday appointment. Whoops, wrong sub."
"Dad cooks dinner. He gives his kids deer meat, but doesn't tell them but gives them a clue.Dad: What kind of meat is this, it's something mom calls me every day.Sarah: OMG Billy, It's an asshole don't eat it."
"I can’t remember if I had a Dalmatian or leopard when I was a kid. Either way, my memory of my pet is kinda spotty."
"I told my friend that sometimes after you go to the bathroom, you can wipe yourself and the toilet paper comes up completely clean He said “no shit”"
I'm worried that my grandma is starting to lolse her marbles. Yesterday when I went to visit she'd been marking herself all over with her bingo pen. She's completely dotty.
"Limmerick from The Crown on Netflix There once was a girl named Sally Who enjoyed the occasional dallyShe sat on the lapOf a well-endowed chapAnd cried ""Sir! You're right up my alley."""
"A dog walks into a pub, and takes a seat. He says to the barman, ""Can I have a pint of lager and a packet of crisps please?"" The barman says, ""Wow, that's amazing! You should join the circus!"" The dog replies, ""Why? Do they need electricians?"""
I just got a job at a factory that makes fire hydrants. They would not let me park my car there.
What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Drac Frost
Someone told me about that manga writer who died recently I heard his whole fanbase is going Berserk
"A friend went to the CVS in Baltimore after the looting to pick up some items, the only things left behind were sun tan lotion and father's day cards."
Donald Trump doesn't believe in the eventual flooding of the coasts due to climate change apparently he doesn't think America can sink any lower either.
What did the boy say to the mounted policeman? I've never seen a horse with two dicks before!
"Saw a fat chick wearing a shirt that said “guess” So I said about 340, now she wants to fight"
What do you call someone with no body and no nose  Nobody knows.
"They’re having a great sale in person at the mall for Black Friday Everything is buy one, get achoo free"
My doctor told me to cut down on my sodium intake. Ive been taking his advice with a grain of salt.
I Object to All This Sex on the Television I keep falling off.
What are the lungs favorite food? R-alveoli
What kind of dinosaur has a spike in his butt? A bronto-sore-ass!
What do Russians play at the bar? Snooker Blyat
When answering the security question place of birth? Apparently vagina is not an acceptable answer.
"Nurse: Doctor, what is the medicine on this prescription? I went to 50 pharmacies still couldn't find one. Doctor: I was just checking if my pen work's."
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
"Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas."
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
"I was interrogated over the theft of a cheese toastie. Man, they really grilled me."
"We're renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story."
Where do wasps like to get lunch? A bee-stro.
What do you call a hot dog on wheels? Fast food!
How did the police finally stop the paint thief? They caught him red handed.
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.' 
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around. "
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe! 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y. 
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.' 
Why do plants hate math? It gives them square roots… 
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball. 
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.' 
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister! 
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans. 
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. "
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus. "
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust. 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed. "
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore. 
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands. "
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!' 
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships. 
"My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point. "
How do you get a blind person to see? Usually by boat. 
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well! 
What do you call a flying priest? A bird of pray. 
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.' 
What does a bee use to brush its hair?' 'A honeycomb!' 
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit. 
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.' 
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa. 
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries. 
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels. 
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast. 
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them) 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
What's the best smelling insect?' 'A deodor-ant.' 
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor. "
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed. "
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback! 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
We all know about Murphy’s Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage. 
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
Why did the man get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
"A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”"
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once."
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
"“I saw a 1,000-year-old oil stain; it was from ancient Greece.”"
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth. He said it was acci-dental.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
MIlk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasterized before you even see it!
What kind of magic do cows believe in? Moodoo!
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
I told my dad he had to quit smoking. When it came to his health we just couldn’t brisket.
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”"
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
What would you call if spiderman starts jumping around buildings instead of swinging using his spider webs? Peter Parkour
"What's the most effective way to get rid of crabs? Shave half your pubes, light the other half on fire and smash them with a hammer when they come running out."
"Sometimes, I use words I don’t understand So I can sound more photosynthesis."
What does a hermit crab call its home? Michelle
What does the receptionist at a sperm bank say when clients leave? Thanks for coming!
If youre having trouble losing weight Try gaining weight for new years resolution
What happens when you light a match in the boy's locker room? *KABOOM!*
I just saw two naked snails fighting over a shell They were slugging it out.
Apparently its illegal to show some cartoons in the middle east Most cities won't screen episodes of The Flintstones but Abu Dhabi doooooooo
What do you call an Italian beggar? Giovanni Change
My university is so concerned about the environment.. They've been recycling past papers since 87'.
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it
A Helium enters to a bar of elements... The bartender just kicks him out saying he's too noble to be there.But he didn't react.
I just got a new job at the prison library It has its prose and cons.
"Little old lady calls the fire department A little old lady calls the fire department and says, help, come right away, my house is on fire.The dispatcher says okay ma'am, how do we get there? The little old lady replies, don't ya'll still have that red truck?"
"""And this baby is our granddaughter. Her name is Degree."" ""I'm sorry, did you say Deborah?""""No, no. Degree. Our daughter left for University and came back with this. It's her Degree."""
"Adolf Hitler is discussing plans to invade the Soviet Union with his officers. In order to save cost, Hitler doesn’t want to supply rain gear. He asks his senior officer, “Is it still snowing there” The senior officer replies, “It’s just a little hail, Hitler.”"
"In the old days, when you illegally downloaded music it would transfer everything but the drum tracks, so you’d have to duplicate those on your own. That’s why they say you can’t steal music without repercussion."
What do cats call their human form? Their purr-sona.
There’s a fine line between a numerator and a denominator. And probably only a fraction of people will find this funny.
Why is it so hard to keep track of counting in Afghanistan? Because of the Taliban(say it out loud)
"Paul was 6 feet tall, Bob was 5 feet tall, John was 5'5. John was the mean one."
"Trump doesn’t know geography... Instead of building a wall on the Mexico border, he built one in Washington DC"
Did you hear about the writer who became a baker? They say he makes excellent synonym rolls.
"So a man watches TV heen suddenly the bell rings... The man opens the door and sees a random snail sitting naar the front door. He throws the snail away and goes on watching TV.Three years later the door bell rings again and the man opens the door. He sees the snail Again and the snail says: ""Dude was that necessary?""."
What do the NBA and a box of crayons have in common? The whites are useless.
What do you call a therapist who moonlights as a prostitute? A cathartic thot.
My wife Ruth just died at age 78 Is it too soon to call myself Ruthless?
I caught a guy looking up children's skirts in the library. I never even knew they had a section for that.
My British friend was really proud of his heritage until he found out that his great grandfather was from Transylvania. Now he can’t even look at himself in the mirror.
My dad is see through and used to be a woman. He’s a transparent trans-parent.
"What’s the difference between Santa Clause and a knight? One slays a dragon, the other drags a sleigh!"
I recently learned sign language So I can tell jokes people has never heard
Why is suicide illegal in China? Destruction of government property
What did Denzel say to the thick wire entering his house’s circuit breakers box ? Mah main...!!
"The former governor of Alaska is contributing to the manufacturing of new unmanned aircraft for the Afghanistan War. These quadricopters are going to be named ""Strikekirts"", which reads the same forwards and backwards.Why?It's because they are Palindrones."
50 Shades He slowly but firmly grabs my throat. I try to say goodbye and I choke. I try to walk away and I stumble...'- 50 Shades of Macy Gray.
My local hair dresser just got charged with drug dealing. I am shocked. I've been a customer of his for years. He never told me he cut hair.
"Girlfriend is having trouble opening an oyster at dinner. She hands it to me to open. Just as I pry it open, I say, ""The easiest way to open this is with a little mussel"""
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer? Cool Ranch!
"A businesswoman from Connecticut has a meeting in Alabama. Her meeting done, she stops at a local bar for a quick drink.Her bartender, noting her northern accent, says ""Yew shore talk purty. Whar did you go to school?""She smiles and says, ""Yale.""He says, ""YEW SHORE TALK PURTY. WHAR DID YOU GO TO SCHOOL?"""
Fred: he was dressing up as a ghost and scaring people away from the old fun park **cop:** that's actually not illegal but tell me about the talking dog
"A good percentage of my friends are Nazis That percentage is zero, that’s a good percentage of Nazi friends to haveEdit: Holy SHIT I did not expect this to blow up lmfao thank you for the awards!and fuck da haterz"
A lot of people don't like Mondays But 48 hours ago was a sadder day.
"At the court: Please, have mercy! I have a wife and 3 kids! I am sorry Mr. Brown, but you have served the sentence and paid your debt, you are free now."
"When I am tasked with sorting through a stack of résumés, I throw about half of them in the garbage. I do not want unlucky people working in our company"
What side of the earth were Europeans best at exploring? Genocide
"Every birthday, my uncle Guiseppe used to cook me a meal He'd say, ""That was the pasta, this is the present."""
[NSFW] My wife is like a bottle of wine I have to keep the cork wet or else she’ll spoil.
What is the most important project task of a grill master at a chop house? To please their steakholders
How do you tell the difference between a bull and a milk cow? It is either one or the utter.
"I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find was 401 matches..."
What does a house wear to a birthday party? Address.
Did you hear about the ATM that got addicted to money? It suffered from withdrawals.
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes."
"My landlord texted saying we need to meet up and talk about how high my heating bill is. I replied back, 'Sure, my door is always open.'"
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
What does a writer have in common with a football player? Anxiety over a rough draft.
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. "
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.' "
"Teacher: “There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool. ' Johnny: “So, what are the words? ' "
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.' 
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst. "
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere. "
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. 
 Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back. 
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we 'be positive,' but it’s just so hard without him. "
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!' 
"What’s your name, son?' The principal asked his student. The kid replied, 'D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.' 'Do you have a stutter?' the principal asked. The student answered, 'No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.' "
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.' 
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help. 
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown. 
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water. 
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.' 
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything! 
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?' 'No, I don't think they'll fit me.' "
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming. 
"Q: If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? A: Missile toe. "
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.' 
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.' 
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere. "
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice. 
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst. "
"I named my dog “5 miles.' So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.' "
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called. "
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s. 
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk! "
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.' 
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed. 
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice. 
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used. 
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.' 
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, 'This isn't working.' I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine! "
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
What does garlic do when it gets hot?' 'It takes its cloves off.' 
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
"I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it."
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus."
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
"My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. ""Sure,"" I said. ""My door is always open."""
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They’re both Paris sites.
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
England doesn't have a kidney bank. But it does have a Liverpool.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
"As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “You know one would have been enough.”"
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
"Clothes, but no cigar."
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus."
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
"Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog."
"“What’s your name, son?” The principal asked his student. The kid replied, “D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.” “Do you have a stutter?” the principal asked. The student answered, “No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.”"
What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs!
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs!
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
"I made a list of the top 10 most popular wordplay jokes, to see if any of them actually made me laugh No pun in ten did"
"inspired by the girl who was surprised after drawing her eyebrows too high I tried to tell this foreign exchange student that she drew one of her eyebrows higher than the other, but I don't think her English was very good because she looked confused ​"
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
"My old Gramps used to say ""If you've got a screwdriver set, an adjustable spanner and a soldering iron you can fix anything!"" Senile old cunt, I've just made a right fucking mess of my niece's poorly gerbil."
"This guy told me he is the fastest cross dresser in the world. I said ""Really?""She said, ""Yes."""
"Billy is the perfect name for a newborn goat. As a child, it'll be ""Billy the Kid."" As an adult, it'll be a ""Billy Goat."""
"Roses are red, the sky is pink This water tastes funnyNice to meet you I live in flint"
What did the drug-addict writer say when his wife told him to come to bed? Let me finish this one line.
My coach told me to bring out the tiger in me during our football game. I didn't want to waste any of my favorite frosted flakes cereal.
"Jokes about white sugar are rare enough, but jokes about brown sugar? Demerara"
"It’s my first time in court and the The judge said “ORDER”! And I quickly replied “fried rice, spring rolls and orange juice- now two policemen are escorting me outside and I think we are going to a restaurant :)"
How do oysters get around? In mussel cars.
"People who talk to their dogs are just plain stupid... Saw a couple today talking to their husky. Intelligent dog, don't get me wrong, but do they seriously think he understands everything he is told? I came home and told my cat all about it, we laughed our asses off!"
The vagina... The best engine in the world. It can be started with one finger. It's self lubricating. It takes any size piston and change's its own oil every four weeks. It just a pity the management system is so fucking tempermental!!
"I opened my GIF file and there was something wrong with it. The computer screen became blank and the GIF came to life. The man from the GIF rushed toward me , said something and sprinted out of my room He said ""I'll be back in a GIPHY"""
"A Jellyfish, a Snake and a Snail walk into a bar. The Jellyfish says, “This is impossible”."
My Gran fell asleep last night with a cigarette in her hand. That woman was the best thing since sliced bread. Now she’s toast.
What do you call 2 lambs dating? A relationSHEEP.
"With the beauty shop finally open after many weeks, there is a huge crowd of people all jostling for position to get in... They really need a hair traffic controller."
Ice Cream gets tested positive for Covid in China I hope they've put it straight into iceolation
After dealing with dad-jokes all winter... I'm hoping to get him back this summer with some son-burns.
A refrigerator is the opposite of a drug addict. It starts in a box and moves to a house.
"Hindu dies and goes to heaven... Hindu dies and goes to heaven. He's standing at the pearly gates, talking to St Peter. He says, ""I wish to speak to Jesus Christ"", and St Peter turns his head and yells, ""Jesus, your cab is here!"""
Did the dinosaur era actually exist? You bet Jurassic did
Why didn’t Peter Pan’s career in stand-up take off? Because his jokes Neverland.
"So I bought a memory foam pillow second-hand Got it for a good price, all was good until I laid down and it said ""who the f@#k are you?"""
The inventor of sliced bread Is likely the one that cut the cheese.
My new years resolution was to keep a daily outdoor fitness schedule but I unexpectedly got food poisoning So far I haven't been gone for any morning runs but I sure have had a fuckload of the morning runs.
Awwww If you watch Jaws backwards it is a heartwarming story about a shark who gives arms & legs to disabled people.
"My teacher used to tell me that I'd never amount to anything. But ten years later, guess who I saw at mcdonalds? My teacher. I served him a bic mac with no pickles even tho he wanted extra. Who's laughing now?"
I joked about how bad our apartment building's foundation was Even the walls started cracking up
"What's the difference between a nun in church, and a nun in the shower? One has hope in her soul, the other has soap in her hole."
Why did the epileptic throw himself into the lettuce patch? He was making a seizure salad.    ....I’ll see myself out.
My coach told me to bring out the tiger in me during our football game. I didn't want to waste any of my favorite frosted flakes cereal.
Geography class -Whats the capital of Germany?-Berlin teacher-Whats the capital of France?-Berlin again teacher-Whats the capital of Poland?-Still Berlin teacher-Adolf! If you keep this up you'll fail geography!-We'll see about that
"I phoned in sick today ""Exactly how sick are you?""""Well, I'm in bed with my 12 year old niece."""
"I bought 2 Chainz' latest album, but it was the censored edition. It's easily one of the best instrumental CDs I've heard in a long time."
"What is a skeleton's favorite wind instrument? Nothing, because they don't have lungs."
my girlfriend got vaccinated today now she wont hold any air
"did you hear Oxygen and Magnesium got together **OMg**All I knew, till last week Oxygen was dating PotassiumBut they said it was just **OK**"
What joke is the same in all european languages? USA
What did the squirrel say when he had to choose between staying still or jumping down? I’m really on the fence about this one
"Two old ladies are harvesting potatoes when one unearth two massive tubers. ""Sweet baby Jesus, they look like my husband's balls !""""How, as big ?""""No, as dirty !"""
Why did the riot police show up to the protest so early? To beat the crowd
"Two kittens were chasing each other in the jungle Suddenly one slipped and fell, it's mom saw and told it: tiger shoelaces together or you'll fall again"
"I used to laugh at Michael Jackson for wearing gloves and a mask..... Yet here i am, stuck at home in this covid19 Thriller,   Beating it....."
The guy who invented Sudoku actually really hated numbers He just wanted to put them in their place.
How did the orphan with a stutter get drunk? Can I have some mimosa?
My dad just decided to invest in a sausage company. It was the wurst decision of his life
"The Detroit Lions announced that they’re releasing their running back, Kerryon Johnson. Needless to say, he will not Kerryon with the team."
Q: What's red and smells like blue paint? A: Red paint.
"I was stood behind a customer at an ATM and he turned around and said ""could you check my balance?""-so I pushed him. His balance wasn't that great."
"My dad's name is Phil, and whenever I finish eating and say, 'Dad, I'm full,' he always replies, 'No, I'm full; you're Ruby.'"
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough.
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
What do you a row of bunnies moving backwards? A receding hare line!
Why is your nose in the middle of your face? Because it's the scenter.
A slice of apple pie is $50 in Jamaica and $00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
"If skeletons could be any ruler from history, who would they be? Napoleon Bone-a-Part."
I just found out I'm colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.' 
"Can February March? No, but April May. "
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off. 
Why did Karen press Ctrl+Shift+Delete? Because she wanted to see the task manager. 
It takes guts to be an organ donor. 
What religion are crows? Birddism. 
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! 
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.' 
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia.' Man: 'Wait! I can explain everything!' 
Vin Diesel eats two meals a day. Breakfast and breakfurious. 
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
I used to hate facial hair…but then it grew on me. 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner. "
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted. 
Why does Sherlock Holmes love Mexican restaurants? They give him good case ideas. 
"At the job interview, they asked me, 'Where do you see yourself in five years?' "
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!' 
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. 
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it. 
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
What does a mobster buried in cement soon become? A hardened criminal. 
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though. "
"I remember as a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there. "
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. 
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
"My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point. "
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.' 
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield! 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y. 
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left. 
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 'I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.' The patient asks him, 'Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?' The doctor calmly looks at him and says, 'Nine.' "
"What's the best thing about Switzerland?' 'I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.' "
Where do you learn to make a banana split?' 'Sundae school.' 
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian. 
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa. 
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.' 
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers. "
What’s Whitney Houston’s favourite type of coordination? “Hand eeeeeyeeeee……' 
"This morning, Siri said, 'Don’t call me Shirley.' I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode. "
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
"The past, present and future walked into a bar. It was tense."
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
What's Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic."
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
"“What’s your name, son?” The principal asked his student. The kid replied, “D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.” “Do you have a stutter?” the principal asked. The student answered, “No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.”"
What's Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
What did one piece of tape say to the other? Let’s stick together.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
"Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog."
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs!
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel."
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
"I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking."
"Have you heard the joke about the butter? I better not tell you, it might spread!"
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”"
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
I haven’t talked to my wife in a week — I didn’t want to interrupt her.
"What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head."
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. ""I never knew my real ladder.”"
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”"
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring."
"What is the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? One is a raving showman, the other is a shaving roman."
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
I told my doctor I was having problems with my hearing. He asked me what the symptoms were. I told him they were a yellow cartoon family.
What is another name for all the bodies of water on the Earth? Cloud Storage.(Original joke!)
What did the tired dragon make for dinner? Flamin yawn.
Why did the snowman get kick out the produce Department Because he was picking his nose
"What's the average temperature at Motown Records? Three Degrees, Four Tops."
What are a kidnapper’s favorite shoes? White Vans
Jokes about Feminine Hygiene are the lowest form of humor Period.
"If you cry when you cut an onion, here’s a tip: Don’t get emotionally attached"
"Did you hear about the Scotsman who dropped a £1 coin? When he went to pick it up, it hit him on the back of his head."
"There's a guy doing 60 in a 30 zone, so a policeman pulls him over Policeman says to driver: ""I have reason to believe you've been doing drugs, sir."" Driver replies: ""Why, cos I'm black?!"" Policeman: ""No, sir, cos you haven't got a fucking car."""
"Judge- “So Mickey, you’re telling me you want to divorce Minnie because she is extremely silly?” Mickey- “No, I didn’t say she was extremely silly. I said she is fucking Goofy.”"
At the right place at the right time! An aching back sent me stumbling to the drugstore for relief. After a search I found what I was looking for: a selection of heating pads specifically for people with back pain—all on the bottom shelf.
"""Grandpa, tell us that story again about grandma's pearl necklace."" ""Really? That old chestnut?"
Breaking News: Energizer Bunny Arrested Charged with battery
I went to check the prices of low quality electric plugs yesterday They were shocking
Watching Queen's Gambit really put me in the holiday spirit. Especially the scene where the player are in the hotel lobby bragging about the matches they won I love chess nuts boasting in an open foyer
My neighbors have just moved 1000 miles to San Diego to beat Covid-19. Apparently they're SoCal distancing.
"I saw a single set of footprints in the sand... ""Lord,"" I asked, ""why is there but one set of footprints in the sand?""""My child,"" he tenderly replied, ""Those are Chris Christie's."""
How did the pancake become the king? He u-syruped the throne.
I have been calculating the surface of the Earth in flat-earth point of view. And they were right saying that the government had been hiding much land and the surface is actually larger. How else would they be able to walk that far to fool themselves.
My wife didn’t like my joke about a prisoner with dwarfism falling out of a window... ...she said it was a little condescending.
[NSFW] What is the ornithologist with binoculars doing on the nudist beach? Looking for Great Tits!
"The Australian government recently unveiled their plans for a 1 dollar coin. While some critics questioned the economic viability, the kangaroonie will start circulation next year, according to a government spokesperson."
My girlfriend said she was looking at ninja stars online. I told her to stop being racist. They're just called Japanese actors.
"A mum, dad and their son go to the zoo. When they get to the elephants, one walks over in their direction. The son asks the mother “what’s that hanging done”. The mother says “that’s his trunk”. “No behind that” says the son. “Oh that’s nothing” replies the mother. The son then asks the dad, who says “that’s the elephant’s penis, son”. “Then why did mummy say it’s nothing?” Asks the boy. “Son, I’ve really spoiled that woman”"
"Did Andy's Mom from Toy story have a dildo...? We cant confirm or deny. Theres so many questions to ask.Is it alive? like other toys because it is by definition an adult ""toy""."
"My Friend and I were exploring the Appalachia on Fallout 76 Well, that was until I shot him in the head with my pistol.Now, to be fair, I did have an airtight alibi for this.I Didn't Know the Gun Was Loaded."
How many Amazonian fish does it take to kill a Frozen character? Just one per Anna.
"TIL After Nigeria was unable to win any medals in this year's Olympics, the Nigerian Sports Minister personally offered to refund all the expenses of fans that traveled to Brazil He said he just needs their bank details and pin numbers to complete the transaction."
"If you're looking for a relationship, become a roofer. You're bound to find hot shingles in your area"
What do Sharks have on their toast? Mermalaid.
My dad always brags that his was the first profession to go completely digital. He’s a proctologist.
Why should you never listen to coins? It never makes any cents
Why did the cannibal chef rush to the Bryant helicopter crash scene? To get some fresh grass-fed Kobe beef.
Describe eating spicy food. That shit burns.
What’s the male version of a Karen called? I don’t know but a group of them is called a Senate.
"I got kicked out of biology class today for eating during the lesson... Apparently it's called an ""Eye disection"" not ""Eye digestion"""
"I like updoots, I like silver Cake day cake day please deliver"
I sat at the cafe today. No cellphone.No tablet.No laptop.I just sat there.Drinking coffee.Like a Psychopath.
Where do lonely Sharks go to find companionship? Sand Bars
"Why didn't NASA name apollo rockets with letters? Because if Apollo F crashed with all it's crew, they would have to make an Apollo G."
"My 8-year-old’s newest joke: What did the one-legged man with OCD say when he opened the closet? “Hi, jean!”"
You know that mouth-watering sensation you get when you're grilling a steak on the BBQ? I wonder if vegans get that when they mow the lawn.
"If you lose one of your senses, your other senses get enhanced This is why people with no sense of humor have a heightened sense of self'importance."
What is the term for someone who is scared of Santa? Claustrophobia
Why are there no churches in space? Without gravity there can be no mass.
I just bought the personalized license plate BAA BAA... For my black jeep...
I went to the petrol station to pump up my car tyre... and the guy charged me 50p. I said “it was only 20p last week”. He said “that’s the price of inflation”
One of the things that you get upset if it works and even more if it doesn't: the alarm clock. That poor thing! It is so scared of you that while waking you up asks if you want a 5 minutes snooze.
What do baseball scouts look for when they go to a Mexican restaurant? Fajitas
"Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold."
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes-the others were 7's and 8's.
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It's my last chance to have a smokin' hot body."
"My daughter just shrieked at me, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to a word I've said, have you?"" What an odd way to begin a conversation."
I never buy pre-shredded cheese. Because doing it yourself is grate.
"I had a joke about Nirvana, but Nevermind."
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? To the retail store.
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor. "
She said I won’t be able to make it. 
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody. "
What's the best smelling insect?' 'A deodor-ant.' 
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens. 
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom! 
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants. 
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
"Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?' No sun. "
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.' 
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?' "
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word. "
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it. 
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison. 
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.' 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!' "
What do you call Father Christmas in an orange suit? Fanta Claus. 
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk! "
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them. 
Did you hear about the cheese that’s been working out? Dude’s shredded 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?' 'Pilgrims.' "
"Finally my winter fat has gone… Now, I have spring rolls. "
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed. 
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed. "
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice. 
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys. 
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once. "
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left. 
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space. 
"I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house… but the kids still get in. "
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato. 
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke. 
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return. "
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick.' 
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor. "
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
It takes guts to be an organ donor.' 
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school. 
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up. 
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
What did the late tomato say to the other tomatoes? Don't worry i'll ketchup.
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What has five toes but isn't your foot? My foot.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it."
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough."
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough."
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time.
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light.
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
In the beef army there was a soldier who always snuck up on the enemy from the left or right. He was a flank steak.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
“Whoever stole my depression medication — I hope you’re happy now.”
"We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story."
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom.
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
"I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find."
"A student is late for a zoom class... ""What took you so long?"" the teacher asks.""Technical difficulties"" the student answers.""I've heard that excuse a hundred times, let me guess, your wifi didn't work?""""My clock"""
Why should you never hit people with violins?? Because violins is not the answer...
I just saw a sports car being driven by a scantily clad sheep.... It was a lamb-bikini.
"HIGH TEMPERATURES After a long time, I told my hot coworker how I felt.Turns out she felt the same way.So I turned on the air conditioning."
"A Native American, Pirate, and Frenchman walk into a bar. The bartender walks over and says, ""Gentlemen, hau, arrrrrrr, oui, today?"""
A woman asked me if I thought she was wearing to much makeup. I told her it depends on whether or not she was trying to kill Batman.
"A guy walks into a convenience store, and he grabs a single-serving meal, a single-serving drink, a single-serving toothpaste, a single-serving dessert, single-serving everything, and he goes up to the counter with it. The woman at the counter says, ""Let me guess, you're single?"" And he says, ""Yeah, how could you tell?"" And she says, ""Because you're really fucking ugly."""
"I put the punchline to this on top of a Conifer tree. If you don't get it, joke's on yew."
A guy is introducing himself to a lady in a bar Him : Hi my name is Daniel but my friends call me DickHer : how do you get Dick from Daniel ?Him : you ask nicely ...
So a pickpocket went to a nudist beach... He hated it
"A couple is hiking when they see a set of tracks... ""Look"" says one, ""a father and his kids are on this trail.""  The other asks ""how do you know it is the father?  It could be mom.""""Nope.  Definitely the dad...see the Pa prints?"""
I bet Santa spends a lot of time at strip clubs He loves them ho ho ho’s
Some people say that leafy greens are the best thing for colon health But I think fiber makes a solid number two.
"I got a pop up ad for a locally owned Sean Connery roofing supply company It said, “shingles in your area”."
What does one potato say to another when he’s horny? Wanna hash?
Why are there no Walmarts in the Middle East? Because there are to many targets
What do you call a guy with two dicks? Ambidextrous.
"“Roses are red, violets are red, if you aren’t red, you get shot in the head.” \-Stalin 1946"
"While getting ready to go play outside with my kids, my wife asked me ""Do you have tennis shoes?"" I responded, ""No, I only have 9 issues."""
My grandpa was complaining about how participation trophies reward losing So I asked him why he proudly displayed a Confederate Flag
What’s the difference between the “China Virus” and the Vietnam War? Trump dodged the Vietnam War.
"A man gets himself a date and decides to surprise the girl with some flowers. He walks into a flower shop and the florist asks ""Hey, what are you looking for, specifically?""The man says ""To have sex"""
Periods aren't bad Its just women's ovary acting
What do you call a detective that can pitch a perfect game of baseball. A dick with no balls.
What’s a Prostitute’s favorite part of leaving a tall building? Going down on the elevator
My wife wants to talk to me about my childish behaviour. Little does she know she can’t enter my pillow fort without the secret password.
My niece calls me ankle... I call here kneesWe are a joint family!
I told a joke about a meat factory to my friends They thought it was well done.I randomly thought of this joke and considering it’s my cake day I thought I’d post it.
Food enters from a pair of cheeks Comes out from a pair of cheeks too!
My high school was so small.. we had Driver’s Ed and Sex Ed in the same car!
"Whenever I get jury duty, I never make it through jury selection After all, no one wants a hung jury"
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse!
"Why doesn't Mexico host the Olympic games? All the good runners, jumpers, and swimmers are in the US."
My New Year’s resolution is to read more ...so I turned the subtitles on my TV.
"A baby seal walks into a bar, and the bartender says, “What’ll it be?” The baby seal answers, “Anything but a Canadian Club on the rocks.”"
I never understood why people hate Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge so much I am always able to flawlessly download the Firefox Installer using them.
Never argue with a fictional character Their minds are completely made up
"My Friend and I were exploring the Appalachia on Fallout 76 Well, that was until I shot him in the head with my pistol.Now, to be fair, I did have an airtight alibi for this.I Didn't Know the Gun Was Loaded."
What do you call someone who doesn't care about printers? No fax given.
A coke addict accidentally snorts his grandma's ashes; how much of it did he snort? About half a gran.
BREAKING NEWS: Man arrested due to possessing a stolen calendar He got twelve months
What do you call an Ewok who just ate pancakes? A sticky Wicket.
"A group of foreign computer peripheral manufacturers, unhappy with tariffs placed on their products by the United States, plans on starting their own country, which will compete with America. They will call it USB."
"I once knew a guy arrested on drug charges, and though he thought he'd get off light, they ended up slapping a bunch of other bogus charges on him, which, added to the fact that his lawyer was one of the worst in the state, eventually led him to being handed a 40 year stint in a max security prison. That sentence was way too long."
How do angels light a candle? With a match made in heaven.
What is this movie about? It is about  hours long.
Why are socialist school teachers so disorganized? Because they love to see the class struggle.
A human losing weight is like an atom losing electrons Everything is positive after that.
"'How To Cope With Disappointment' ;-) Saw a sign outside of an office building which said""Today's workshop 'How To Cope With Disappointment' has been cancelled"""
I never get into arguments with ballerinas they always have a strong point
What did the buffalo say as his son left? Bison.
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
What do you call birds that stick together? Vel-crows.
How do snails fight? They slug it out.
"Doctor, doctor, I'm terrified of squirrels. (Doctor replies:) You must be nuts."
"(Reversing the car) ""Ahh, this takes me back."""
Why do Dads take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one.
I've never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
The COVID-19 situation has been especially stressful for the Flat Earth Society. They fear that the social distancing measures could push people over the edge.
I'm addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help!
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream. 
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.' 
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.' 
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel! 
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef? "
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X. 
Why do plants hate math? It gives them square roots… 
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.' 
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. "
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs. 
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word. 
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed. 
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice. 
Vin Diesel eats two meals a day. Breakfast and breakfurious. 
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow. 
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
"This morning, Siri said, 'Don’t call me Shirley.' I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode. "
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
My IQ test results came back. They were negative. 
It’s because they can’t see sh!t at night. 
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
"Q: If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? A: Missile toe. "
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.' 
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?' 'A meltdown.' 
I asked the librarian if books about paranoia were avaiable. 
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice. 
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus. "
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.' 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
Did you hear about the nurse who was chewed out by the doctor because she was absent without gauze? 
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars. 
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie. 
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! 
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. 'That's my stepladder,' he said. 'I never knew my real ladder.' "
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! 
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. 
I can sum up 2021 in one word. Five  
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. 
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
What do you call a hot dog on wheels?' 'Fast food!' 
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful! 
I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. Thats how I lost my job as a bus driver. 
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere! 
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends. 
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
"Clothes, but no cigar."
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
"I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved."
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
"This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode."
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
In the beef army there was a soldier who always snuck up on the enemy from the left or right. He was a flank steak.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
"Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes."
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
I tried to make up a joke about ghost but I couldn't. It had plenty of spirit but no body.
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. ""I never knew my real ladder.”"
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
When finally the quarantaine is over and you have the following options: A. Going on vacation with your wife. B. Having a barbecue with your friends. What would you choose? Spareribs or hamburgers?
"What is orange, about 70 years old, has caused enormous damage to the environment, and is a great embarrassment to the US? Agent orange, duh."
"I went for a job interview today and the manager said, “We’re looking for someone who is responsible.” “Well, I’m your man.” I replied, “In my last job, whenever anything went wrong, they said I was responsible.”"
What can you find in a dog park at night? Some shady shit.
"A wife calls her husband. ""The plumber is gonna come in 7, to fix the clogged sink.""""Oh no. You think he's still angry at me from the last time?""""What happened last time?""""He said he's here to replace the toilet. So I pissed on him"""
"Once a man was lying on the beach wearing nothing but a hat on his crotch. Then a lady came by her and said, ""If you were a gentleman you would have lifted your hat to a lady.""Then he replies “If you were any sort of a sexy lady, the hat would lift by itself.”"
I was washing my hands in a public bathroom yesterday and someone stole my mood ring I don’t know how I feel about it...
How do Japanese people ask for rice? Samurais?
Dataminer? Thats illegal They are too young to date
"You may know that baby owls are called ""owlets"", but did you know where they come from? The owlet mall."
I made a DNA joke in my biology class but no one laughed. Guess my thymine was off.
"I’m 3’6”, which makes certain daily tasks extremely difficult. Recently, I spent a good 10 minutes in my local supermarket wondering how to get the pasta down from the top shelf. Then suddenly the penne dropped."
How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
"Little known Christmas fact #37: Due to the hot weather throughout the Middle East, Santa unhitches Rudolph and the crew and swaps to... Bahrain deer."
"Who's on first... Then the CDC, then the respective foreign ministers of Iran and Italy.That will be the running order of the press conference"
Where do swedish bears sleep? In their sweDEN.
How do you trip an alarm? It doesn’t have any feet.
"The devil asked his resident weatherman what the forecast was for the week ahead... ""Hail, Satan"""
The other day I saw a documentary of hyenas eating the remains of a dead lion I guess they just ate what was lion around.
A Blonde went for a pizza. The chef said would you like it cut into 4 slices or 8? Blonde said 4 please. There is no way I could possibly eat 8 slices.
"I made bread last night, and I have been loafing around ever since."
Sometimes I put lots of stuff in the cart and leave without paying. What are your online shopping habits?
"My sister goes to the pizza place The pizza guy asks: ""would you want me to cut your pizza in 4 or 12 pieces.She said: Please only 4, I can't eat 12 pieces all alone."
I was just driving past a dog food factory and it smelled really good. Now I want Arby’s.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Johnny Sins? Santa Claus comes once a year
I made my first snowman today... It was so white it's already been nominated to Trump's Cabinet.
"What is the difference between a gun with a bent barrel and a constipated owl? One can shoot but not hit, and the other can hoot but not shit."
"A local beekeeper was selling his bees for 5 dollars each. ""5 dollars for a single bee?! That's ridiculous,"" I complained. ""Well, if you don't like the price, you can select from that hive over there, those are freebies."""
"2 nuns go for a bicycle ride around the Vatican. The first nun says ""I've never come this way before."" The second nun says ""yeah, must be the cobblestones."""
"One day when I was young, I watched my father grilling burgers. When they were done, he handed me one telling me it was a bison burger.He than left, and never came back."
"Wife: oh, I better not get any more food. Husband: No, fill up your plate baby. Remember, you're eating for two now. Dinner guests: ooh? Expecting?Husband: **looks at them puzzled as his wife starts regurgitating food down his throat**"
Some people say the difference between animals and humans is that animals never go to war. They've never heard of Eric Burdon.
"I saw a story about how Itzhak Perlman and Kenny G discovered they'd been dating the same woman. An argument about it quickly degenerated into a full on brawl!! That's the trouble with the news today, its all sax and violins."
"The young assistant got fired from the butchers shop, I asked why..... The butcher replied “I caught him with his dick in the bacon slicer!” “Oh!” I replied, “what did you do with the bacon slicer?” “I fired her as well!” said the Butcher."
What's the file extension of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer intro? .rar
"My mate was boasting about being amazing at geography. So I decided to test him, I asked him where Uganda was. His response was: “in the house with my grandmother."
"A couple gets into an argument... The next day when the wife comes home, she sees her husband has covered himself in oil.""What are you doing?""""Well,"" he says, ""Yesterday you told me I never glisten.""*""Listen,""* the wife says exasperatedly. ""You never *listen!""*"
Ford and Renault were working on a joint car project...... ...where they combined the Renault Clio with the Ford Taurus. They gave up when male test drivers couldn't find the car.
Who does a racist call when his car breaks down? Triple K
"My buddy got arrested on drug charges and because it was his first offense, he thought he would get off lightly, but it turned out his lawyer was one of the worst in the state and ended up botching his case, so instead of getting a short term, he ended up getting 40 years without parole!! Man, that sentence was way too long."
Why was Noah the best businessman? He floated his stock while the rest of the world was in liquidation.The greatest journalist? Samson. He took two columns and made an impression on everyone.
Why did Charlie Brown take his pole dancing routine so seriously? He was tired of doing comic strips.
"I was sorting out my loose change when I dropped a 1p coin and saw it roll into a drain, which everyone around me thought was hilarious. Laughing at my ex-pence."
"After having his title stripped and funds cut off by the Royal Family, Harry has taken up painting to supplement his income. He’s the Artist formerly known as Prince."
"A person needs to write a letter, but when he picks up an instrument to write with, he realizes He can’t write with a guitar"
I applied to get a job as a video editor. Didn’t make the final cut.
A question for every single person on earth . . . . . . What's it like being single?
"Knock-Knock. Who’s there? Orange. Come right in, Mr. Trump."
"An infinite amount of Mathematicians walk into a bar. The first orders a pint, the second a half, the third a quarter, and so on. The bartender pours them 2 pints and says, ""sort it out yourselves."""
"A lonely, angry young man started to keep a spreadsheet of all the women who he thought had wronged him. It was the incel's Excel."
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
Why couldn't the couple get married at the library? It was all booked up.
What happens if the average number of bullies at a school goes up? The mean increases.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
What's the most patriotic sport? Flag football.
Why do cows have hooves and not feet? They lactose.
What do you call a three-footed aardvark? A yardvark.
"I have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me when he was dying, it seemed very important to him that I have it."
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
"What did one furniture maker say to another during a tense discussion? ""Let's table this."""
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.' 
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.' 
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.' 
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. 
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals! 
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa. 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
I don’t trust those trees. They seem kind of shady. 
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers. "
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let’s make this interesting.' So we stopped playing chess. "
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
Shouldn’t the “roof ' of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? 
Why is the letter A like a flower? Because a “b' comes after it! 
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
"My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point. "
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow. 
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer. 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. 
I was addicted to hokey pokey…but I turned myself around. 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
"Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?' No sun. "
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
"Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas. "
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight. 
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball. 
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice. 
"I told him, 'I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.' "
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming. 
I was researching about Atheism. Turns out it’s a non-prophet organization. 
"Dad, did you get a haircut?' 'No, I got them all cut!' "
"What's the best thing about Switzerland?' 'I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.' "
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence. 
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs. 
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
What’s the easiest way to burn 1000 calories? Leave the pizza in the oven. 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.' 
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.' 
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them. "
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister! 
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. 
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well! 
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
Which knight of the round table was the beefiest? Sir loin.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Held a poker night where the buy in was a prime ribeye. I invited my brother but he said the steaks were too high.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth. He said it was acci-dental.
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
"I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it."
"A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest."
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
"Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes."
"""Did you get your haircut?"" No, I got them all cut."
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
My neighbor got sued for a fire his grill started. He filed for an appeal when he lost and it ended up in a pellet court.
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote control. I thought to myself 'well this changes everything'.
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”"
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved."
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
She said I won’t be able to make it.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids.
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
"“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes."
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
MIlk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasterized before you even see it!
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school.
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
Five out of four people admit they’re bad at fractions.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it."
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
"Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog."
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
An invisible man married and invisable women. The kids were nothing to look at.
Five out of four people admit they’re bad at fractions.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
"“My extra winter weight is finally gone. Now, I have spring rolls.”"
My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth. He said it was acci-dental.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut."
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel!
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker.
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote control. I thought to myself 'well this changes everything'.
There's a quantum observation theory where only police have consciousness cop didn't see it I didn't do it
All lives begin... ...with a crowning achievement.
Math is the language of science. f(u)√C + k / y(ø)*^(u)*
"A policeman pulled me over What do you do for a living, sir?It's a strange profession, you have probably never heard of it. But I'm an insect blender.An... insect blender?Yes, I combine insects for a livingRight...A few minutes later I reached int... read more"
"A chicken walks into a library, and says to the librarian: ""Book, book, book"" The librarian hands out three books to the chicken.On the way out the chicken runs into a frog and shows him the books and says: ""Book, book, book""The frog replies: ""Reddit, reddit, reddit"""
Building grain processing facilities is a lucrative business I’m hoping to make a mill by the end of the year.
What did the Finnish surgeon say after he botched a surgery? Please don’t Soumi.
Please keep my uncle in your thoughts and prayers We just found out he’s addicted to Viagra. My Aunt has been taking it pretty hard.
My wife thinks her ability to tie a cherry stem into a knot with her tongue is cool but as a man with a cherry-stem-sized penis I'm horrified.
"Both of my parents have brown eyes, so I wasn't too surprised when my girlfriend asked me where I got my blue eyes from. I'm not 100% certain, but I think they belong to the hitchhiker chained in the basement."
"Sin city we all know is Las Vegas, but do you know what Den city is? Mass over volume."
A physicist sees a young man about to jump off the Empire State Building... He yells ‟Do  not do it! You’ve so much potential!”
Boxes of previously uncounted ballots have been found in Florida Associated Press is now declaring the State of Florida for Al Gore
I was rejected from my dream art school because I used the wrong pencil. It wasn’t 2B.
"I heard a woman on the street today tell her boyfriend “ALL MEN ARE DOGS!” during an argument.... But for some reason she wasn’t very happy when I asked if I could pet him.And anyways, it was pretty irresponsible to have him off leash and all."
"""Grandpa caught a virus yesterday while browsing the web at the nursing home.."" "".. apparently there were hot shingles in his area."""
I just got kicked out of flat earth Facebook groups because I asked if the 6 foot social distancing had pushed anyone over the edge yet.
"The cross-eyed judge looked at the 3 defendants How do you plead? he asked the first man. Not guilty, said the second. I wasn’t talking to you, said the judge.  I didn’t say a word, said the third."
"I was cleaning out my closet and found an old pair of jeans on the top shelf. Inside of them was a huge rubber penis. I showed my wife what I found and asked for an explanation. She said, “Honey, you know I never lie.  This way, when I tell you that you have a huge cock in your pants, I’m not lying.”"
How do you talk to a COVID denier Without raising your voice so you do not disturb the other patients in the mental health ward.
Did you hear about the constipated accountant? He couldn't Budget<drops mic>Ironically I'm an Accountant and have Chron's so this is not my problem.
"What is the longest word in the English language? ""smiles""...The first and last letters are a mile apart"
Even though I have an Engineering degree and I’ve re-wired my house to add updated lighting... People are typically shocked when they find out I’m not a good electrician.
"Due to health concerns, my doctor recommend I go on a strict vegetarian diet, and practice portion control. I am happy to announce that I am down to one vegetarian a day, as they are surprisingly filling."
What Do Sound Waves Say To Girls They Meet Online? Send nodes.
"About a month before he died, we covered my uncle's back in grease and lard He went downhill fast after that."
My social life is like an oxygen mask Nonexistant unless something bizarre happens
What did one John say to the other John? What’s the matter? You look flushed.
"When I met a girl I liked, I used to put all my favorite things about her surrounded by curly braces inside a Javascript file. I feel bad about it in hindsight. Now I know it's wrong to objectify women."
"I called the suicide hotline in Iraq. I told the operator that lately I've been having suicidal thoughts. Operator: ""Great! Can you drive a truck?"""
"Bank Robber 1: Did you scope out the place? Robber 2: Yes. The place has two armed guards.Robber 1: So we are evenly matched, limb wise."
I taught my son today to play Marco Polo We opened the cabinet and found China.
A man was arrested after running a red light and hitting a Chinese food delivery car. He is charged with careless driving and wonton destruction.
Did you hear about the big fight last night at the Long John Silvers drive-thru? Battered fish were everywhere.
"I got bitten by a mosquito and now I can't stop singing ""Nessun Dorma"" I think I might have male-aria."
"A drunk man ran over a policeman, and immediately dials 911 - 911?- Yes- Well, now you're 910."
"A: Took my temperature today. B: Oh really? A: No, rectally."
Two hydrogen atoms and an oxygen atom had a threesome... Made me so wet.
"Today I asked my daughter for a phone book... She said ""you're such a boomer"" and handed me her phone.  So, now, the spiders dead, my daughters phone is broken, and she's really pissed at me now.."
My boyfriend claimed size doesn't matter. But then the wallpaper he put up all fell off.
What do you call a boat full of dentists? A tooth ferry
I was thinking of getting a job at the U.S. Mint Can you imagine the amount of money I would make?
Where does bitish surgeons keep donor organs? In Liverpool.
My Girlfriend is the sort of girl Men whistle at... She looks like a sheep dog.
"Last night, a thief stole the flight of stairs I need to climb to get into my 3rd floor apartment. That's messed up on so many levels!"
Why did the exotic perfume salesman continue going out during lockdown? He had no common scents
My girlfriend dresser up as a policewoman and placed me under arrest for the suspicion of being good in bed. After a couple minutes all charges were dropped due to lack of evidence
Humans exist in a tight range of 7.35-7.45 pH which means... Y'all basic!
"Tiger, I've got some good news and bad news. ""Ok Doc. Give me the bad news first.""""We had to implant metal rods in your legs which could impact your play.""""That's Terrible! I'm Finished! I'll never be able to compete again! What's the GOOD news!"" ""You balls are 3 inches from the pin."""
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day It was impossible to put down
Why did the onion get flustered? It saw the salad dressing.
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn't support windows.
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?"
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs.
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? To the retail store.
"I just got my doctor's test results and I'm really upset. Turns out, I'm not gonna be a doctor."
Did you know the Pope's favourite scent is Pope-pourri?
What's the opposite of artificial intelligence? Natural stupidity
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, ""You have to help me, I think I'm shrinking."" ""Now settle down,"" the doctor calmly told him. ""You'll just have to learn to be a little patient."""
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. 
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system. 
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark. 
"I got hit in the head with a can of Diet Coke today. Don’t worry, I’m not hurt. It was a soft drink. "
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. 
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime. "
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'' "
What do houses wear? An address. 
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. 
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit. 
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’. 
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.' 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
What did one wall say to the other?' 'I'll meet you at the corner.' 
What's the best smelling insect?' 'A deodor-ant.' 
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle. 
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs. 
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.' 
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.' 
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but graphing is where I draw the line. "
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything! 
"I got hit in the head with a can of Diet Coke today. Don’t worry, I’m not hurt. It was a soft drink. "
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up. "
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody. "
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. 
What’s brown and sticky? A stick. 
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March. 
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin. 
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother. 
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy. "
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!' 
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie? 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear. 
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.' "
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato. 
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it. 
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
"Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark? ' I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian. "
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
Why did the thief take a shower before robbing the bank? He wanted to make a clean getaway.
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
"What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me."
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
What do you call a man wearing a rug on his head? Matt.
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump."
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction.
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker.
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
"I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any."
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
"Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog."
"A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”"
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist."
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater."
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
"Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
A stranger asked me to take out my watch and see how fast he could circle a fountain I told him I didn’t have the time for this
"Robert Patrick, an actor best known for playing the T-1000, has left behind the Hollywood life to pursue his dream of owning a pest control business. He is quoted as saying “I can’t wait to start my new life as an exterminator.”"
"I was thinking of making puns about grain... But most people can *barley* stand it.Yes, I know. That was pretty *corny*. You're probably thinking, ""*Rye* did you do this?"" I'm probably going too *farro* with this. I'm sorry"
Job security in the 21st century. That’s the whole joke.
I asked my friend if I should get a foot stool Hey said you otto-man
What kind of printer do pigs use? An oinkjet printer
How do you introduce a loaf of bread to your angry aunt? Meatloaf croissant
"""I've got a visual lock on sandwiches"" Where?""1 o'clock""1 o'clock?! I'm hungry now!"
"I had a one night stand, and afterwards she used my toothbrush I made kind of a big deal about it, because that’s pretty grossShe said, “Well we just had sex, what’s the difference?”I said, “*Well* I was planning on using that toothbrush again”"
What's the difference between school shootings and mass shootings? School shootings have more class.
The current pandemic has caused the price of deer meat to reach all time lows. Deer testicles are under a buck.
What do you call a canadian enchilada? A centimeter-alada
what do you call ghost snot? BOOOOOOgers
What was the first 3D printer? Your butthole!*** This joke is awesome because it was created by a third grader where I teach.
"Roses are red, violets are red, grass is red OH SHIT THE GARDENS ON FIRE"
What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
Me: I can see into the future Therapist: When did this start?Me: Next Monday.
Just made up a joke and it’s brilliant! What does Donald trump and a Mac book pro have in common? They aren’t PC
On a scale of Alligator to Gorilla.... How shitty of a parent are you?
So I tried cat for the first time yesterday Just kitten
What did the youngest piggy in the family always get stuck wearing? Ham me downs
"What do the Apostle Paul, Bon Jovi and Manfred Mann's Earth Band all have in common? They were all ""blinded by the light"""
"Since it started raining, all my wife has done is look sadly through the stupid window… If it gets any worse, I’ll have to let her in"
Why did the murderous magician bring a satchel of butchered prostitutes to his show? He needed a bag of tricks.
I always get sad when I watch videos of gorillas using sign language to ask for food. It's a shame there are so many deaf gorillas.
"Joke I came up with at a resturaunt, at night :) I love how the sun doesn't get cancelled even when it throws shade at everyone?"
"So this French dude was working in a department store in France and a Karen comes up and starts laying it on him, asking for his manager. Manager shows up, old stoner dude that's not having it. Karen starts whining and says ""But you have to do what I say! The customer is king!"" The manager looks at her in the eyes and says, ""Ma'am, this is France. We decapitate kings."""
Have you heard of the book “Living in Polygamy”? By Sharon Peters
"You know being self quarantined isn't even that boring But I am surprised that there are 7884 grains of rice in one pack, and 7892 in another."
"A man named his children second, minute and hour, and thus he was nicknamed father time One day, they was all in their house and a robber burst through the front door and said, 'nobody move!' When recalling the event, second said, it was like time stood still'"
How do you call a Lada on top of a hill? A miracle.- -And how do you call _two_ Ladas on top of a hill?-Science fiction-  -But how do you call _three_ Ladas on top of a hill?-An interesting place for a Lada factory.
"The math teacher saw that little Johnny wasn't paying attention in class. She called on him and said, ""Johnny! what are 4, 2, 28 and 44?"" Little Johnny quickly replied, ""NBC, CBS, HBO and the Cartoon Network!"""
"[blonde] A brunette was doing her laundry and asked her blonde friend to find a match for her sock. ""Why"" the blonde asked.  ""Are you going to set in on fire?"
Testing makeup on animals is WRONG... They are cute enough already.^Just ^thought ^I'd ^share ^this ^wholesome ^joke.
Where do typist go for a drink? To the space bar
How tall is the world smallest grandmother? One Nanameter.
I was lonely until I glued a coffee cup on top of my car Now everyone waves at me
"Mick and Paddy are reading head stones at a nearby cemetery. Mick says,"" Crikey! There's a bloke here who was 152!""Paddy says, ""What's his name?""Mick replies, ""Miles, from London."""
"My friend Nick is known as the grill master amongst us, but his ground burgers are undeniably the best. He's got a real Nick knack patty whack!"
Anthony Mundine thinks that people shouldn't vaccinate their children... I don’t think people should be taking medical advice from someone who used to get punched in the head for a living.
"I ordered some Avocado Toast at a cafe, but imagine my surprise when I was given 602214076000000000000000 pieces of toasts. It was then I realized... ...I'd accidentally ordered Avogadro's Toast."
"Yesterday I swallowed a bottle of food coloring. I'm ok, I just dyed a little inside."
"A black guy in a library asked me where the colored printers were. I said, ""Dude, it's 2021, you can use any printer you want."""
A software tester walks into a bar Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a bear. Orders -1 beers. Orders hdtseatfibkd.First real customer walks into a bar and asks where the bathroom is. The bar bursts into flames killing everyone inside.
"Breaking news! Due to heavy storms, all the rivers in Egypt are flooding. The citizens of Cairo are still in denial"
"What's at least 6 inches long, goes in your mouth, and is more fun if it vibrates? .................. A toothbrush. Come on."
Did you here about the fight on the stairs at the shopping mall? Apparently it escalated quickly.
Getting a bull stoned is dangerous business The steaks are high
I ate a green salad the last time I was on a plane It was my phyto-flight response
Wife : How dare you saved my mobile number as Covid 19 Husband : Because you take my breath away!
Why do crabs never share their lobsters? They're shellfish.
Why didn't the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space!
Why do ghosts go to the pub? For boos.
Q: Why are nurses always running out of red crayons? A: Because they often have to draw blood.
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
"Shouldn't the ""roof"" of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?"
My toddler is refusing to nap. He's guilty of resisting a rest.
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast.
"I just nicknamed my new phone ""Titanic"" so whenever it's charging I can say ""the Titanic is synching."""
Have any of your own dad jokes to share? Let us know in the comments!
Q: What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A: A large fortune. 
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate. 
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. 
What did Adam say to his GF on the 24th of December? It’s Christmas Eve. 
"Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish. "
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time "
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
What is the scariest tree? BamBOO! 
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
"Siri,' I asked my phone, 'why am I so bad with women?' She responded, 'I’m Bixby, you moron.' "
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! 
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s. 
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?' "
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’. 
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. 
Shouldn’t the “roof ' of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? 
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
Why did Karen press Ctrl+Shift+Delete? Because she wanted to see the task manager. 
"I'll call you later.' Don't call me later, call me Dad. "
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores. 
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa. 
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships. 
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island. 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.' 
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work. 
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?' 'Traffic jam.' 
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system. 
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
"A couple of cups of yogurt walk into a country club. “We don’t serve your kind here, ' the bartender says. “Why not? ' one yogurt asks. “We’re cultured. ' "
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.' 
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?' 'In case they get a hole in one!' 
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. 
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus. "
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel! 
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.' 
Sore throats are a pain in the neck. 
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries. 
"Can February March? No, but April May. "
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody. "
"I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it."
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
"What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me."
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it."
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”"
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
"When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…"
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright."
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. ""She obviously has COVID,"" my wife said. ""Why?"" I asked. ""Because she has no taste."""
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater."
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut."
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
How do you get an astronaut’s baby to stop crying? You rocket.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
"I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!"
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump."
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey? A pouch potato.
"""Did you get your haircut?"" No, I got them all cut."
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!"
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
"What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom."
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
"""Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia."" Man: ""Wait! I can explain everything!"""
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
MIlk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasterized before you even see it!
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
My favorite exercise is a cross between a lunge and a crunch. I call it...  Lunch.
I asked my wife if she wanted to play twister. She said her schedule was flexible enough
I just borrowed a book on surgery from my local library. Some tosser has taken the appendix out.
What does a vegetarian zombie say? Grains! Grains!
How does Popeye like his martini prepared? One Olive on the rocks.
"How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they beat the room for being black."
Did you hear about the constipated accountant? He couldn't Budget<drops mic>Ironically I'm an Accountant and have Chron's so this is not my problem.
"Can we stop the conspiracy theories on Epstein's death? It was a normal suicide, because he had nothing to live for. ""This post is supported and paid for by the Clinton Foundation"""
Norwegian naval ships all have large bar codes painted on their hulls... So when they return to port a sailor can scan da navy in.
Why do K-pop fans suffer from flashbacks after traumatic events? Because they have BTSD.
What's the difference between roadkill and a viola in the middle of the road? There are skid marks leading up to the roadkill.
Apparently all the bathroom fixtures in the Whitehouse are now gold. I just heard the President likes gold in showers.
The female janitor at my building asked if I would chill and smoke some weed with her I said no. I can't deal with high maintenance women
"I went into a bar and said to the bartender, “Surprise me...” So he showed me a naked picture of my wife. ~Rodney Dangerfield"
"What did the knight say to the turnip? Begone, foul beet!"
What is the difference between a freshly made pizza and a hungry jungle tiger? One tastes delicious to you and you taste delicious to one.
I have a question about cow tipping. Is 15% enough?
Where do elements work out? The oxygym
7 years ago today I pleaded with my snowman not to attempt the river crossing but he wouldn't listen and is lost to me forever. It's all water under the bridge now.
I hated eating my greens in school when I was a kid They always tasted worse than the other crayons
"Two cows are standing in a field... Two cows are standing in a field, One turns to the other and says, “Did you hear about the Mad Cow Disease going around the farm?” The other cow responds, “Good thing I’m a helicopter.”"
Did you hear about the magical gorilla taking ceramics class at Hogwarts? It's a Hairy Potter.
What form of art is very popular among college kids? Ramen doodles
"A man was riding on the bus and reading and article about life and death statistics. Fascinated he turns to the fellow sitting next to him and says ""did you know that everytime I breathe somebody's dies?"" The fellow turns to him and says ""have you tried mouthwash?"""
I took British Airlines to court after losing my luggage. The judge threw it out because we had no case
It’s not a good idea to have a horse as a pet if you live in a city. They need to grow up ..in a stable environment.
"Trump has violated ethics laws by advertising a can of beans from the Oval Office but he's not worried. I mean, what are you Goya do about it?"
"Atoms can't actually touch. We're all made of atoms and all mater is atoms which can neither be created or destroyed. so to answer your question, no officer I did not punch that child"
"Girl, are you the secant of angle Z? Cuz you sure are sec(Z)"
What's the difference between a shooting range and an American college? About thirty thousand dollars a year.
A guy was running around trying to determine the source of physicians' flatulence He was only following doctors odors.
What does a ghost do when it gets upset? Loses its sheet!
Do you know why jehovas witnesses buildings don't have windows? Its so God can't see what they're doing in there.
I was going to record a video of me playing the violin but... I didn't want to fiddle with the camera
In 2025 the world is set to change its official language to Finnish all other languages were deemed un-finnished
"My brain is like an F-22 Raptor Aging, no longer in production and spare parts not available."
I got fired from my job at the library... Apparently the book on women’s rights doesn’t belong in the fiction section.
What do you call it when a bunch of ghosts slime the same person? Boo-kkake!!!
Have you heard of the American temperature doctor? His degree was in Fahrenheit.
Psychologists have discovered a new way to see into the minds of those with ADHD They're calling it AD4K
"I don't know whether there is a dumpling-shaped pasta made of potato flour, but I'll believe it when I see it. You can say I'm agnocchic."
"The first day of school, I signed up for Math, English, Science and Geography.. The rest, as they say, is History"
"Sean Connerys wife was killed last year after his book case tipped over on her. In an interview, an extremely guilt ridden Sean Connery said: I only have my shelf to blame."
"Unexpected She: Why is your shirt smudged with ink blots?He: I refilled a printer cartridge at work today.Octopus under their bed: *whispers* Tell her about us, you chicken."
"""Waiter, why do I have a hearing aid in my soup?"" “Excuse me, what?”"
"After my wife died, I couldn’t even look at another woman for 10 years. But now that I’m Out Of Jail, I Can Honestly Say It Was Worth It!"
Who Did Fonzie call when his motorcycle broke down? Triple Ayyy!
Is 'The Vampire Diaries' even a good show? I heard the Characters suck a lot
Strippers don’t have air conditioning in their homes. ............Onlyfans
What did the Indian woman say to her car when she locked it up for the night? Tata
"My friend says to me, What rhymes with orange?And I told him, No it doesn't!"
Her: I'm leaving. I am sick of you wearing a different t shirt every half an hour. Me: Wait. I can change.
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
"A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, Sorry we don't serve food here."
"What did the photon say when asked if she needed to check a bag? ""No thanks, I'm traveling light!"""
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
Did you hear that new band Plastic? They mostly wrap.
"Q: What did the three-legged dog say when he walked into a saloon? A: ""I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."""
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.' 
"I named my dog “5 miles.' So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.' "
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?' 'Walking. JK! Rowling.'  
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet. 
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi. 
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March. 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
What do you call a zombie’s butt? Deadass 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.' 
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5. 
Did you hear about the nurse who was chewed out by the doctor because she was absent without gauze? 
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans. 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.' "
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it. 
Why do old plumbers only clean sewer lines during the day? 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.' 
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea. 
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. 
Just paid $200 for a belt that doesn’t fit! What a huge waist! 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down. 
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space. 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up. 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue. 
"A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, “What’s with the paper towel? ' The pirate says, “Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head! ' "
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. 'No,' I said. 'It's to look at.' "
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.' 
Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia.' Man: 'Wait! I can explain everything!' 
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.' 
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, 'Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?' "
"Q: If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? A: Missile toe. "
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed. 
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.' "
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
What's the best smelling insect?' 'A deodor-ant.' 
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. 
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine. "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.' 
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. 'No,' I said. 'It's to look at.' "
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.' 
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
"Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes."
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
"I have a scary joke about math, but I'm 2² to say it."
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs!
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
What did the late tomato say to the other tomatoes? Don't worry i'll ketchup.
"I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it."
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
Which knight of the round table was the beefiest? Sir loin.
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, ""I always have a few Twix up my sleeve."""
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs.
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright."
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
"What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume."
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
Did you hear the story about the haunted lift? It really raised my spirits!
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
Top Reddit posters should use their karma to help the environment. They are already experts at recycling.
"""Now cut the red wire to defuse the bomb, sir"" said the defusing expert calmly to me over the phone What an explosive way to find out you're colourblind."
A sacrificial lamb is really nothing more than a mutton for punishment.
"A friend of mine asked what my IQ was... I told him it was 60. He was pretty shocked, but I'm not worried. I was tested in Celsius."
Circumcision jobs don't pay much But you get to keep the tips
How do you talk to a COVID denier Without raising your voice so you do not disturb the other patients in the mental health ward.
What is the worst name for a hair salon? Budget Cuts
"Willow Smith to her friends: ""Sorry girls, I can't get jiggy with y'all tonight. My dad said, 'Na na na na nana na'""."
What's the difference between the governor of Texas and a neanderthal? Neanderthal evolved.
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
Which cartoon character curses the most? The Road Runner
I'm trying to get my aunt and uncle to buy a donkey... But I don't wanna be an ass
"I was born by c-section and I turned out fine. Of course, whenever I park my car I have to climb out through the sun roof."
"Oxygen and potassium went for a date and it was OK After,  Oxygen was found cheating on potassium by dating magnesium.  That was an OMg moment"
What did one shovel say to the other during a recurring fight? Can we just bury this?
"What do you call President Trump, unconscious on the floor of the Oval Office? Not an ambulance."
Why was Hitler mad when Germany lost the war? He did Nazi it coming.
What was the Ninja Turtles’ policy regarding homosexuality? Don’t ask Donatello
What do you get when you mix human DNA and Gorilla DNA? Kicked out of the zoo.
Dr Ian Malcolm isn't sure how to fit his favorite cereal in the grocery cart But Life finds a way
Me and my brother have quite the connection together We're siamese twinsNote: I am actually not a siamese twin
"Why did the man with celiac disease eat a loaf of bread?... He was a gluten for punishmentSorry if this offends anyone with gluten issues. Our son can't have gluten right now, so this joke came to me while I was toasting him some gluten-free bread."
My 6 year old niece told me this one. What do you call an alligator who likes to wear vests?(•_•)( •_•)>⌐■-■(⌐■_■)An investigator
"I told my kids I was gonna take them to that place with the Ferris wheel and cotton candy, but instead I took them to the dentist They said it wasn’t fair"
"Every day, my teacher starts her class by reading a joke from r/Jokes, but today she is absent. So a subreddit"
I hired a new driver last month... He always goes the extra mile.I need a new driver.
Marriage is a lot like a deck of cards. You start with a diamond and heart and you end with a club and spade.
"I got my Covid shot today. I feel fine, except... I have this strange urge to change my browser to Edge."
Why doesn't McDonald's serve gourmet food? Because that would be a McSteak.
Today I learnt koala bears aren't actual bears. They're marsupials. I guess they don’t meet the koalafications.
What concert costs just 45 cents  50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
"Prince Harry had his Bachelor Party last night in London and here is his ""Quote of the Day"" from that memorable event: ""It's really weird stuffing money into a stripper's G string when every bill has a photo of your grandmother printed on it."""
"Do you ever just accidentally infuse an extra atom of oxygen into your water? Fear not, H2O2 is H2O too"
"I love how the ninja turtles wear masks Great way to hide your identity, it's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or something"
Reddit has gone fully green to help the environment. Their front page is made of 100% recycled material.
What do you call a film director that has crabs? Alfred Itchcock
What happens when a frog parks illegally? They get toad
"A couple is arguing and breaking up And he says:- You don't love me because I'm colorblind, right Violet?- You stupid! I told you my name is Amber!!"
"When I was a child, my mom’s nickname for me was Exclamation Point. She was shocked I wasn’t a period."
There's a quantum observation theory where only police have consciousness cop didn't see it I didn't do it
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
What did Sodium say to Bromine and Oxygen when they offered a threesome? NaBrO
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback.(heard on a Twitch stream today)
"As a kid I got no respect , I played hide and seek They wouldn't even look for me"
I can produce silver just by sniffing. Smelt it with my own nose. **I'll show myself out**
What's the difference between jelly and jam? I've never gotten stuck in a traffic jelly!
I was that bad in geography That I couldn't even find the class.
Here’s Something weird about the English language Nothing in the English language start with N and ends in GSpoiler it’s a joke Okay was not expecting so many people not to get it I know there’s lots of words I’m just saying the word nothing does
I got my test results back. Turns out I was dangerously low on magnesium and potassium. 0MG 0K.
My dad is a magician. He can turn a Bud Light into domestic violence.
"Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog."
"I asked my dad if he could put the cat out. He replied, ""I didn't know it was on fire."""
Did you heard about the giant that threw up? It's all over town!
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits!
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen.
"A nurse told me, ""Sorry for the wait!"" I replied, ""It's alright, I'm patient."""
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Why can't you tell dad jokes until you have kids? It's a faux pas.
"What's the best thing about Switzerland?' 'I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.' "
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac? 
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.' "
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield! 
Did you know that bees are actually allergic to pollen? They break out in hives. 
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals! 
"Just look at that couple down the road,' a wife told her husband. 'He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?' 'Are you insane?' he responded. 'I barely know the woman!' "
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...' 
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar. 
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word. 
I don’t trust those trees. They seem kind of shady. 
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse. 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen. 
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.' 
Where do young trees go to learn?' 'Elementree school.' 
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere. "
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.' 
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night! 
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands. "
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. 
What is the opposite of ladies fingers? Mentos 
"I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find was 401 matches… "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence. 
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return. "
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper. 
"Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish. "
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue. 
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador. 
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. 'No,' I said. 'It's to look at.' "
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water. 
What did one wall say to the other?' 'I'll meet you at the corner.' 
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time"
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
What happened to the lost beef shipment? Nobody's herd.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
"I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work."
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, ""That makes two of us."""
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
I’m thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it’s only holding me back.
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
"You’re American when you go into the bathroom, and you’re American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you’re in there? European."
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
"""Did you get your haircut?"" No, I got them all cut."
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
Can I watch TV? Yes but don't turn it on.
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
What sort of room has no windows or doors? A mushroom!
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? “Supplies!”
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
"“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes."
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
Why did the man get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
Did you heard about the giant that threw up? It's all over town!
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care."
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
"“I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.”"
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
A few climate models are now predicting an unprecedented and alarming spike in temperatures — perhaps as much as 5 degrees Celsius Now those must be some hot models.
"A Grandmother Asks His Grandson: Hey, what is the name of that german guy that always hides my stuff? Alzheimer, grandma, Alzheimer."
Why is the average American so stupid? Because they keep shooting the ones that go to school...
I just came back from a coworker's funeral who died when he was hit on the head by a tennis ball.. It was a lovely service..
How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.
What type of music can the Royal Family not listen to? Royalty Free Music
What is the least stable element? Pandemonium.
What side of the earth were Europeans best at exploring? Genocide
Why did the dog sit in the shade? It didn’t want to be a hot dog
"Just saw a guy buying all the crab, lobster, shrimp, and oysters from my local supermarket while others were left without any and I couldn't help but think.. ...You shellfish bastard."
I learnt a boring fact about Kamikaze Its just plain suicide
I invented a new drink. Ginger beer and Jack Daniel's. I call it the Stormy Daniel's.
What do you put on a lonely grilled cheese sandwich? Provalone
"I know a lot of people find self-isolation hard, but I can honestly say... I've never felt more at home.(Credit: Celia Pacquola)"
"I helped my uncle jack off a horse My uncle jack is really heavy, so it was hard to get him off of the horse"
"How do you buy unlimited kid's toys? Well first, you add a kid's item to your cart. And then another...And then another...Add infant item"
Do you know why twins are sexual deviants? They cum in pears.
"There's a new game called ""Silent Tennis."" It's like regular Tennis, but without the racquet."
"In response to the American coin shortage, Canada has committed to providing the U.S. aid They give us Nickelback"
"""When I donate blood, I don't extract it myself..."" ""... the nurse does it for me.""""I understand stand sir, but this is a sperm bank, it doesn't work that way here."""
"A mosquito bit my balls last night Got my balls sucked,later virgins"
Someone: I'm afraid of Grease- Summer Nights. Therapist: Tell me more.
"My son asked me: ""would you sell me for a million dollars?!?"" I said ""never in a million billion years!!""He asked ""what about 2 million""I said ""are you kidding me?!? In this economy? Sorry little man"""
A girl tells her mom she’s dating the guy next door The mom’s like “you can’t date him he could be your dad” And the daughter is like “so there’s an age difference who cares” “I think you misunderstood me”
A thief was arrested for stealing the world’s finest perfume. It was a *fragrant violation* of the law.
Sean Connery finds a cupboard in his house he hasn't used before A rare moment of shelf discovery.
What is the average temperature in China? 451° F
"Hurricane Harvey is no joke. https://twitter.com/fema/status/902646949479841793To find out how to help, follow the link above."
"Johnnie Walker, Jack Daniels and Jim Beam walk into a bar What is this, said the bartender, Alcoholics Eponymous?"
What's the difference between a cop and a hermit crab? A cop ejects shells much more often
"A snail shop owner was attacked by a turtle gang. The police asked if he could describe the perpetrators, he said I don't know, it happened so fast."
"A teacher asked her students. ""What does the little chicken give you?""The students replied, ""Eggs""""What does the round pig give you?""""Bacon""""What does the fat cow give you?""""Homework"""
"Hey, Reddit! Here's one about cats: why did the mother cat move her kittens? She didn't want to litter."
Einstein says that object with high mass distorts time. I bet he was inspired by China's time zone system.
Why is vodka so hard to obtain in the Star Wars universe? Because only Siths deal in Absolut.
If the human population held hands around the equator... A significant portion of them would drown
"I shaved off a friends eyebrows a couple weeks ago, he was surprised apparently... ...I couldn't tell."
What do you call a baby in full plate armor? *Infantry*Credit to SpenceOrSpencer and BramBones in r/TIL comments
I often get asked what it's like to work as both a writer and a scammer... I just say that it has its own Prose and Cons
"I ran into a dwarf today with my shopping cart. I said “Oh man, are you okay?!” He said “I’m not happy!” I said “Well which one are ya then?!”"
"Every time I drink food coloring, I dye a little on the inside."
If your man comes home late at night smelling of strange perfume... You're probably getting perfume for Christmas.
Why don't British people pronounce the letter 't'? Because the Americans threw it in the ocean.ALTERNATE punchline: Because they drank it all.
Did you hear about the Starbucks no-mask deal? Mask-less customers who buy a Grande hot coffee today... Will get a free Venti later
Which is the most desired summer body this year? The antibody.
"Every time I take my dog for a walk in the park, he gets attacked by all of the ducks there. Thats what I get for having a pure bread dog"
Placing three armed veterans in each school will stop school shootings The shooter will see people with three arms and freak out.
What is a polar bear's favorite food? (Multi-questioned) ICE-cream! -What is a black bear's favorite food? Blackberries! -What is a grizzly bear's favorite food? Campers.
"A sleazy stripper runs for governor After a controversial ballot, the stripper wins despite never having a lead the whole race. Many people suspect they rigged the erection."
"""Mr. Trump, have you changed your plans for mass deportation?"" ""No, I have not. I will deport 11 million undocumented immigrants and two dogs.""""Why the two dogs?"" ""See? Nobody cares about the immigrants!"""
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, ""Dad, can't you just use a sponge?"""
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, ""Can't you just use a sponge?"""
What vegetable is kind to everyone? The sweet potato.
Never kiss anyone on January 1st because it's only the first date.
"Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession."
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? Because she'd just let it go.
What does the dentist of the year get? A little plaque.
Why did the ghost go to rehab? He was addicted to boos.
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck.
What do you call a mac 'n' cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it. 
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.' 
"Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark? ' I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian. "
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work. 
I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer! 
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus. "
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake. 
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised. 
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans. 
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well! 
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels. 
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear. 
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.' 
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato. 
"There was once a king who was only 12 inches tall! Terrible king, but made a great ruler. "
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5. 
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. 
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you? 
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! 
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.' "
"Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad. "
"A guy walks into a bar and there’s a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, “What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before? ' The guy says, “It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place. ' "
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet. 
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.' "
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores. 
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?' 'A satisfactory.' 
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical. 
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square. 
My wife told me to pick up 8 cans of soda on my way home from work… 
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space. 
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised. 
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa. 
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there. "
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell. 
"Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother… Sudden Lee. "
"A turtle is crossing the road when he’s mugged by two snails. When the police ask him what happened, the shaken turtle replies, “I don’t know. It all happened so fast. ' "
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
"I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden? "
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark. 
"Two hats were hanging on a hat rack. One said 'You stay here, i'll go on a head'."
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
"I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head."
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other 'Does this taste funny to you?
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
What did the exasperated man serve at his barbecue? Sheesh kabobs.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “That’s arson.”"
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
Why did the thief take a shower before robbing the bank? He wanted to make a clean getaway.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once."
What sort of room has no windows or doors? A mushroom!
"You can't spell par entry without ""try."""
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
What did the pecan say to the walnut it was chasing? I’ll cashew eventually!
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough."
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?"
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
Why did the thief take a shower before robbing the bank? He wanted to make a clean getaway.
"I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a grape."
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
"Son: Dad, can I watch the TV? Dad: Sure, just don’t turn it on."
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return."
"“My extra winter weight is finally gone. Now, I have spring rolls.”"
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What kind of bird always gets stuck in the nest? A vel-crow
I played Oregon trail and made fun of a guy named Terry. He stabbed me... I died of Dissin'-Terry
"Ruth just dumped me. Told me I was too uptight. Well, now I'm Ruthless."
What do you call a dinosaur with a drinking problem? Hepatosaurus
"3"" , 6"", & 9"" are which Shakespeare plays? Much Ado About Nothing... As You Like It ...& Taming of the Shrew."
What kind of trails does a crazy person travel? Psychopaths. (I hate myself)
Im so sorry internet Whats the differance between being hungry and hornyDepends where the cucumber goes!!!
"Did you hear about the golf match between the black golfer and white golfer from South Africa? Birdie on the last hole would have won the match for the black golfer, but a par tied."
On a scale of Alligator to Gorilla.... How shitty of a parent are you?
How do you prevent murders? Use a scarecrow
Someone called me lazy today I almost replied...
"Two Grains of Sand... Two grains of sand go on a trip to the beach. One says to the other, “Jesus, it’s crowded here!”"
I take my time while putting toppings on my hotdogs. I choose to relish the moment.
"3 words, 17 letters. Say it, and I'm yours. Omelette du Fromage"
"""If you could push a button and would receive $100 million, but you would whipe out 50% of the earth's human population (without anyone knowing it was you), would you push that button?"" A friend of ours: ""I vould push it three times""."
"During lock-down I have mastered jigsaw puzzles. I have just completed my first one in just over 10 and a half weeks.I feel so proud of myself, on the box it says 5 to 6 years."
"Everyone knows comedian Bill Burr, most don't realize he has a huge family with lots of talent. His mother, Barb, is a famous hair stylist.Rob, his brother is in jail for theft.His sister Cally is a great gunsmith.Lastly, don't forget about his cousin the famous lumberjack, Tim."
What did the stingy schizophrenic finally come to realize after years of therapy? That Sharon is Karen...
What’s a squirrels favorite way to watch TV? Nut-flix!A joke my 8 y/o daughter made up this morning. Thought it was pretty good!
a spider a snake and a kangaroo walked into a bar it was a normal day in australia
"Who would win at scrabble between a Squirrel and a Raccoon? The Squirrel, it has a Q in it!"
"My 8 year old son was in the garden playing football today, he tripped over his own feet and lay on the floor for 5 minutes, screaming and thrashing like he'd been beaten up. I'm so proud of him, he's going to be in the Premier League one day :')"
Someone told me to go back to my own country So Iran
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs boiling in a pot of water? Stew
There's a Greek myth about a stream whose water will attach itself to your skin for all eternity. The river sticks
Michael Avenatti is no longer representing Stormy Daniels In other words - he pulled out
Bernie Sanders and Google Fiber walk into a bar. And all of Reddit gave it an upvote.
What do you call a squashed bee? A was.
"Did you know that a very good memory is often a sign of an excellent lover? I read that on February 11, 2017 in the New England Journal of Behavioral studies issue 2016-Q3."
My Himalayan friend has a cow that refuses to stand up I always see Himalayan there.
"Last week, I met a Genie who said he’d grant me one wish, I only had 3 choices:First was a better memory. Second was a larger penis. Third was… well I can’t remember what the third choice was."
A dragon would never explode But a dino might
I was excited to find $20 in the back pocket of an old pair of jeans but the guy wearing them didn’t seem as excited.
What did the egg say to the frying pan? I’m sorry I can’t get hard... I just got laid.
The price of lumber has gone up so much... That the Feds confiscated a load of 2x4's buried in kilos of cocaine.
I just got a new job at the prison library It has its prose and cons.
If Toys-R-Us sells toys Then Babies-R-Us must sell babies
"Robert De Niro has six children, That’s mucho de niro."
I tried to make Indian sourdough But that was a naan starter
TIL there more slugs in the world than snails because slugs... ...don't wear protection.
"A man was locked out of his apartment He started talking calmly but firmly to the lock...Because end of the day, communication is key."
"I love how the ninja turtles wear masks Great way to hide your identity, it's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or something"
My running coach told me to increase the volume of my runs So I unplugged the headphones and played my music from the speakers instead.
"I just saw a council worker squash a Snail under his boot. I asked him ""what the fuck did you do that for?""He replied ""I'm sick to death of him following me around all day""."
The creator of auto-correct died recently May he restraunt in peice
"A man is in an emergency room complaining of severe stomach pains and bowel trouble. The attending physician advises that the patient will need a rectal exam. The doctor positions the patient on the bed on his side and puts on a latex glove... As he lubes up his glove, he says, ""Don't get excited and move too much like last time, Daniel.""The patient says, ""My name isn't Daniel.""The doctor says, ""Mine is."""
"I invented a SJW alarm clock. It not only tells you the time, it reminds you what year it is, too."
"what do you call a country that's ruled by a lion, a witch and a wardrobe? a banarnia republic"
The birthday dragon tried to blow the candles for the 254th time. Btw the party was on fire. We had a blast.
"My farmer friend used his stimulus to buy baby chickens. He got the money for nothing, and the chicks for free."
I'm finally upgrading from 1080p to 4K in January. It's my new years resolution.
"What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? ""Supplies!"""
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course. Houses can't jump.
Where do monsters buy cookies? Ghoul scouts.
"A nurse told me, ""Sorry for the wait!"" I replied, ""It's alright, I'm patient."""
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain... It was from ancient Greece.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket."
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.' 
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships. 
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.' 
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. 
Did you hear about the cheese that’s been working out? Dude’s shredded 
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around. 
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.' 
"My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. 'Sure,' I said. 'My door is always open.' "
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
How does a hurricane see? With one eye. 
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable. "
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.' 
"A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people—the student, his mama, and his pauper. "
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left. 
"Can February March? No, but April May! "
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it. 
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up. "
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. 
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!' 
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister! 
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards.ME: …And? 
"I named my dog “5 miles.' So that I could frequently say, “I am going to walk 5 miles now.' "
Why is the letter A like a flower? Because a “b' comes after it! 
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. 
"A couple of cups of yogurt walk into a country club. “We don’t serve your kind here, ' the bartender says. “Why not? ' one yogurt asks. “We’re cultured. ' "
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes. 
How does a non-binary samurai kill people? They/Them. 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
My psychiatrist says I have an unhealthy obsession with revenge. We’ll see about that… 
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted. 
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans. 
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment. 
What do you call a poor Santa Claus?' 'St. Nickel-less.' 
"She looked up and whispered, “They’re right behind you'. "
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing. 
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it. 
What do you call a pony with a sore throat?' 'A little hoarse.' 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. "
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.' 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus. "
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere. "
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake. 
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. 
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean. "
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades. 
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
What’s the best kind of bird to work for a construction company? A crane.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
"What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me."
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I’m coming down with something.
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
"What do you put on a lonely grilled cheese sandwich? Provolone, but only if you have it’s parmesan."
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
"When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…"
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
Why did the scarecrow win an award? It was outstanding in its field.
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time"
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright."
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called."
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner."
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Five out of four people admit they’re bad at fractions.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
Without geometry life is pointless.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. ""No,"" I said. ""It's to look at."""
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? It was outstanding in its field.
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel!
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
A red and blue ship have collided in the Carribean sea. Apparently the suvivors are marooned.
She said I won’t be able to make it.
Have you heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mainly wrap.
"When I told my parents that I'd lost all of my senses except hearing and taste, they kicked me out They won't support me now that they know I'm bisensual"
People claim ghosts are real... But I’ve lived in this house for 527 years and I’ve never seen one.
"For centuries, scientists said “Drake and Josh” couldn’t come to Hulu or Netflix But they found a way, they found a way"
What do you call an Italian ghost? A Gabba Ghoul
What was the name of the physician who could smell the future? NostrildamusI made it myself and was proud enough to post it! :)
Why does Greta Thunberg love this sub? Coz of the amount of reused content here.
I often get asked what it's like to work as both a writer and a scammer... I just say that it has its own Prose and Cons
I tried marrying a melon... But apparently we cantaloupe
"I met an Australian network engineer I asked him ""do you come from a LAN down under?"""
"I heard a rumor that r/jokes is getting an ""Original Content"" flair to help Redditors avoid cut&paste reposts I heard a rumor that r/jokes is getting an ""Original Content"" flair to help Redditors avoid cut&paste reposts"
My friend wanted to exchange his hourglass for my globe. But I would never trade the world for more time.
How many Buzzfeed writers does it take to turn on an electric chair? Ten. But number four will shock you.
I set up an internet page for Chinese Nazis. So far it's got 3 Reichs on Facebook.
"A hunter was asked what he did for a living, and he responds that he ""hunts tigers in Africa."" When it's pointed out that there are no tigers in Africa, he replies ""that's because I do my job""."
What is Bob Marley called on a motorcycle? Bob Harley
My grandfather’s last wish was that we convert his ashes into a diamond. That’s a lot of pressure.
What do you do if your daughter gets dirty in the laundry room? You washer and dryer.
And the first prize is [drum roll]: One night with Donald Trump. Second prize is two nights.
Tiger Woods wanted to play at The Masters..... But everyone knew he’d have trouble getting past the turn.
"A russian bear, a chinese bear and an american bear walk into a bar... ...They kill the bartender.  I mean what else would a bear do?"
"So my niece ask me where babies come from, I told her that they come from the stork She then looked at me puzzled and asked, ""who fucked the stork."""
"What's the difference between select and choose? Select means to pick something, choose are what Puero Ricans wear on their feet."
I took a dump and then sprayed lemon-scented air freshener after Now it smells like shit-rus
What's the difference between a small child and a gorilla? People actually care if a gorilla dies.
How do you make a Kleenex dance  Put a little boogie in it!
How many baby boomers does it take to change a light bulb? None. They just hire someone to do it and complain how back then a bulb used to cost a nickel
How often do scientists check the table of elements? Periodically
Did you hear about China's new space program? I hear it's going to be a Long March.
"I was in front of a grocery story, some guy came up to me. He said ""Hey, do you have a moment to help save the environment?"" I said ""Absolutely."" So he gave me a pamphlet, I recycled it right away."
"My friend says to me: ""What rhymes with silver"" I said ""No it doesn't"""
How do you feed 5000 people with one slice of bread? Cut the ends and you will have endless bread
"My mother said, ""You won't amount to anything because you procrastinate."" I told her, ""Oh yea... Just you wait.""Edit: She didn't believe in me but thanks to you guys and your amazing support, I can tell her to piss off cause I made something of myself. I'm front page famous. Well... Not right now but I will!"
What did the network engineer give to his fiancée? A token ring.
What is Bob Marley called on a motorcycle? Bob Harley
What did the doe say when she came out of the forest? I'll never do that for two bucks again
Miss piggy has filed for divorce from Kermit the frog... ...cause Kermit converted to Judaism and can no longer eat pork.
"I went for a job as a contortionist... They asked, ""How flexible are you?""I said, ""Well! I can't do Thursdays."""
I heard there was a humvee crash at the Pentagon today. The driver ran into a popcorn cart. There were two colonels crushed.
"I slept like a baby last night. I woke up periodically, screaming in terror and confusion."
"Jokes about white sugar are rare enough, but jokes about brown sugar? Demerara"
"In a sex-ed class, the teacher asked me,""What was missing in your first sexual experience?"" Apparently, my answer ""Consent"" was wrong."
"What do wives and shingles have in common? if you don't nail them right, they'll end up at your neighbor's."
"A doctor says to a lawyer ""There are plenty of your mistakes covered up with paperwork"" The lawyer responds ""And plenty of yours covered up with a shovel"""
My son tried riding his bike without training wheels today and the bike kept falling... I guess you could say it was two tired!
"I retired from rock drumming, but now I'm back! Repercussions"
Why are the bathrooms so quiet at Pfizer headquarters? ....Because the P is silent.   (a 12 year old told me this after I got my Pfizer vaccine)
"Robin hood gave a poor man a bag of gold “Here, poor man,” Robin hood smiled. “Take this bag of gold, I took it from a rich man.”“Thank you so much!” The man said as he got a little teary. “Now I’m rich!”Robin hood turned back to the man. “You’re what?”"
"Anyone got a fork and a plate? Reddit handed me a slice o cake, but 2hrs til it expires and they left me without silverware and fine china needed to enjoy it :("
"I went to my local library to look for a book on small penises With not alot of luck I decided to ask the librarian - ""Have you seen the book about small penises?"" she replied ""It isn't in yet"" I said ""Yeah, that's the one!"""
"I took my niece to the zoo the other day... The only animal there was a small, scruffy looking dog.I called the zookeeper over. ""What's with the scruffy old dog? Why is that the only animal?""""It's a Shih-Tzu"""
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
"I'll do algebra, tackle geometry, maybe even a little calculus... But graphing is where I draw the line."
Why couldn't the green pepper practice archery? Because it didn't habanero.
I used to have a job collecting leaves. I was raking it in.
Did you hear about the power outlet that got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Her: I'm leaving. I am sick of you wearing a different t shirt every half an hour. Me: Wait. I can change.
What's that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
"Do you know sign language? You should learn it, it's pretty handy."
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
What instrument do skeletons play in the band? A sax-a-bone.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this 
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel. "
"Just look at that couple down the road,' a wife told her husband. 'He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?' 'Are you insane?' he responded. 'I barely know the woman!' "
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line. 
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door. 
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder. 
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot. "
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired! 
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...' 
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?' "
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex. 
What do you call a poor Santa Claus?' 'St. Nickel-less.' 
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up. 
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important. "
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable. 
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5. 
"Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?' No sun. "
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe. 
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, 'You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.' 'Now settle down,' the doctor calmly told him. 'You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.' "
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard. 
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.' 
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful. 
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!' 
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.' 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. 
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.' 
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck.  
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet. 
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop. 
What religion are crows? Birddism. 
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.' 
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef? "
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you! 
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest! 
Why do old plumbers only clean sewer lines during the day? 
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
"What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!"
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday. I can’t wait to see his face light up when he opens it!
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
Careful how many corny jokes you tell. Someone may just call the crops!
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once."
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
Careful how many corny jokes you tell. Someone may just call the crops!
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring."
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
What’s the best kind of bird to work for a construction company? A crane.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut."
What’s the best kind of bird to work for a construction company? A crane.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
Did you hear about the king that went to the dentist? He needed to get crowns.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
"I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work."
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
"What do you put on a lonely grilled cheese sandwich? Provolone, but only if you have it’s parmesan."
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
What do you call a man wearing a rug on his head? Matt.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst."
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel."
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
What did the late tomato say to the other tomatoes? Don't worry i'll ketchup.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
"Clothes, but no cigar."
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
To all the people that don't cover their mouths then they cough. You make me sick.
"My boss fired me. ""Why?"" I asked.He said, ""You always question authority.""  I said, ""How?"""
I'm developing a new fragrance for introverts I'm going to call it leave me the fuh cologne
It is good for a man to meet a girl in a park It is even better for him to park his meat in a girl
"Young Arnold Schwarzenegger is selected to play a horse in his school play with another kid The costume consists of two parts. The front part and the rear. So the kid says: ""Ok Arnold, I'll be the front.""So Arnold agrees and says: ""I'll be back."""
Top joke in my second grade class this week: Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall? To make up for his miserable summer.
"Steve and John are watching the football when Johns dog starts licking its nuts. Steve says ""i wish I could do that"" To which John replies ""probably best to pat him first or he might bite ya"""
"Want to know a fun fact about my social security number? It's long and unique, unlike my penis. But like my penis, has never been used by anyone else."
The spread of the Coronavirus is based on two factors 1. How dense the population is2. How dense the population is
Recent cyber security breaches are discovered due to their rapid deployment. The hackers are always Russian.
"My least favorite food? Sausage, specifically from Germany.They're the wurst."
I discovered a new letter of the alphabet But it's hard to type
"In the 5th month of every year, my aunt let's her pigs in the field.... It's mayham!"
"An actor rehearsing on stage was going on and on about the colors ""No, THIS is where you illuminate the stage with sunflower yellow, and HERE is when you fade to chartreuse!"" he said, tapping emphatically on the manuscript. Opening day came, and the actor found himself now fully and completely in The lemon-limelight"
"A Jewish kid wants to go to the mall... and asks his dad for forty dollars.""Thirty dollars?"" he replies. ""What do you need twenty dollars for?"""
I picked up a hitchhiker last night. He seemed surprised I picked up a stranger and asked. “Thanks but why’d you pick me up? How do you know I’m not a serial killer?” I told him the chances of two serial killers in one car would be astronomical.
What did the sliced loaf say to the uncliced loaf? OK bloomer.
"My wife keeps asking why I drink a pink liquid whenever my stomach is upset. Frankly, it's not her bismuth."
"I just formed a grunge band and named it ""1023 Megabytes"" ... haven't gotten a gig yet though."
What do turtles eat? Plastic
"My meth head friend told me drugs help him fit his whole day into a four hour period ""Take some more"", I told him. ""You could fit your whole life in one afternoon!"""
OBSERVATION Boobs are proof to women that men can focus on two things at once
"Had COVID symptoms so I went to the pharmacy to grab something to sooth my throat. It hurt to talk, so I went up to the counter and without saying anything, gestured towards my neck. The Pharmacist paused for a second, looked at me and then said “for cough?” So I mustered up the strength to grunt “No you fuck off” and went somewhere else."
Whst should a man call a wink from his wife ? Wife eye connection.
My local cemetery is working to resell mine and my wife’s burial plots to a new buyer... We’re in grave danger
"I was banging this hot chick on her kitchen table when we heard the front door open. She said, ""It's my husband! Quick, try the backdoor.""Thinking back, I really should have ran but you don't get offers like that everyday."
"How did Barack propose to Michelle? He got down on one knee and said, ""I don't wanna be Obama self."""
"If I had a dollar for every time I didn't know what was going on... I'd be like, why am I always getting all this money?"
A termite walks into a bar and says... 'Where is the bar tended?'
"Dad, do you know why it's so dark out? No sun."
"“Mommy, why is some of your hair white?” “Well, you see my child,” says the mom.“Every time you make me sad, one hair turns white.”“Oh really mommy,” exclaims the daughter.“So then what did you do to grandma?”"
Why is calcium vital in the brass instrument manufacturing industry? Because calcium helps build trombones
"If the police are defunded, we can expect a rise in private security forces. Reasonably, Apple would be one of the companies to start such a force, so my question is this:If you’re arrested by the Apple Police, would you FaceTime?"
"Starting this Thursday, some movie theaters will not allow large bags inside the theater But thank God I have a few twix up my sleeve"
"I had a few too many drinks in a restaurant the other night, went to the bathroom and wound up accidentally peeing in the sink instead of the urinal.. At least I think I did. It was hard to concentrate with all those angry women yelling at me."
A charity single has been released in aid of Pakistan flood relief... Raindrops keep falling on Ahmed.
"The problem with quotes on the Internet... is that it is hard to verify their authenticity.""\~ Abraham Lincoln"
Today I made the mistake of masturbating without a tissue or a sock nearby I should have known that would cum in handy
"When I was a little kid, I thought ""This little piggy went to market."" meant it went shopping. It does not."
How does an Italian win an award in television? He has to rigatoni
What do you say to a cow that does somewhat decent on an exam? Medium well done.Side joke: It made very few mis steaks
"Thought I won an argument with my wife about how to rearrange our furniture..... But when I got home, the tables were turned"
"Went to the store to buy a Kinder Surprise, but they'd sold out... No bueno"
What do you call someone with no nose? Nobody knows.
"A farmer had a prized bull. Bred 300 times a year. The farmer's wife said ""300 times, isn't that wonderful dear?  Maybe you should watch him. Maybe he'll show you how.""  Farmer said ""Yeah... he's a hell of a bull, but it wasn't all with the same cow."""
"Does Freddie know how to play guitar? No, but Brian may"
"Yesterday I watched a match of women's volleyball, and 10 minutes into the game there was a wrist injury. But by tomorrow I should be fine again."
What do you call a ghost poop? A spookie dookie
I had a vasectomy. Did you know that it actually doesn't prevent your wife from getting pregnant it just changes the color of the baby. Or at least that's what my mailman said
Why do TV-detectives hate round buildings? The solution is always right around the corner.
I wasn't expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple.
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'"
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
"What's either a really gross animal issue OR an impressive, magical school? Hogwarts."
"It hurts me to say this, but ... I have a sore throat."
What do witches call their garage? A broom closet.
"Did you hear the joke about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head."
Why was the man fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn't working with enough shifts.
Why aren't koalas actual bears? They don't meet the koalafications.
"""Siri,"" I asked my phone, ""why am I so bad with women? She responded, ""I'm Bixby, you moron."""
"Teacher: “There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool. ' Johnny: “So, what are the words? ' "
"Did you get your haircut?' No, I got them all cut. "
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. 
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help. 
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?' 'Pilgrims.' "
What kind of car does an egg drive?' 'A yolkswagen.' 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.' 
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. 
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up 
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands. 
"Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.' "
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down! 
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending. 
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper. 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island. 
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! 
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.' 
How do you get a blind person to see? Usually by boat. 
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. "
What do you call a zombie’s butt? Deadass 
Where do boats go when they're sick?' 'To the boat doc.' 
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. 
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a Roman Catholic. 
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!' "
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
What’s Whitney Houston’s favourite type of coordination? “Hand eeeeeyeeeee……' 
What do you call a fake noodle?' 'An impasta.' 
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes. 
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian. 
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.' 
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise? LMAYO. 
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian. 
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals! 
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square. 
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.' "
I was addicted to hokey pokey…but I turned myself around. 
It takes guts to be an organ donor. 
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
Why are piggy banks so wise?' 'They're filled with common cents.' 
What do you call a pony with a sore throat?' 'A little hoarse.' 
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
Held a poker night where the buy in was a prime ribeye. I invited my brother but he said the steaks were too high.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”"
England doesn't have a kidney bank. But it does have a Liverpool.
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
Can I watch TV? Yes but don't turn it on.
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
"As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “You know one would have been enough.”"
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
If you’re up at night while the cows are asleep in the field that means it’s pasture bedtime.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, “I’m getting a divorce,” she was the first one to like it."
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
What do you call a line you wait in to buy a grill? A Barbe-Queue.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
MIlk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasterized before you even see it!
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!"
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care."
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved."
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs.
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
I’m thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it’s only holding me back.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
"When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…"
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Careful how many corny jokes you tell. Someone may just call the crops!
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
"I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old."
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese.
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
"When a toddler reaches the ""why?"" stage, it's like opening a bottle of champagne—once it's uncorked, there's no going back."
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
"I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!"
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
"TIL there are over 20,000 battered women in the U.S. everyday... I don't know if I can ever go back to eating them plain..."
What did the court jester call the balding crown prince? The Heir Apparent with no Hair Apparent.
My niece did nothing with her life. She just sat in her womb all day.
What do you call the part of the city where unsuccessful writers live? The writers' block.
"What do the Titanic and The Toronto Maple Leafs have in common... The last picture of the Titanic was in Black&White, so was the last picture of the Maple Leafs with the Stanley Cup"
"I let my goats get whatever they want, they are spoiled rotten I guess you could say I have a bleeting heart"
"Saw an old friend yesterday. As a joke I grabbed his hand and made him hit him self while I joked, ""Why are you hiring yourself? Stop hitting yourself!"" His wife screamed and cried and the funeral director asked me to leave. Goddamn Philistines...."
Short Chemistry Joke For You All What are the elements of life?Lithium and Iron
What time is it? I don't know... it keeps changing.
Why we rarely see male live streaming masturbation like camgirls? Because the stream ends in 2 minutes!
"Don't you hate it when you're trying to have a nap and there's an alarm blaring in the background? I just had to smash my carbon monoxide alarm to bits, it was giving me a bloody headache."
I asked my physician if he was a James Bond fan Dr.: No
"Bob: Waiter, would you please come here? Waiter: Yes sir, how may I help you?  Bob: Try the soup  Waiter: Is there something wrong sir? Because if so, we can replace the soup    Bob: Just try it   Waiter: Okay, where's the spoon?   Bob: Exactly."
"Hotel Porn I'm a modest man. I checked into my hotel recently and told the lady at the registration desk, ""I hope the porn channel in my room is disabled."" She replied, ""No, it's regular-people porn, you sick bastard!”"
"What do you have to do to get Germans to join a war? You don't have to do anything, they're already at the front."
What's Drake doing on his birthday? An 18 year old.
"My 9 year old.... ...is yelling at me, ""Hey dad, look at me! Im a 3D printer!""I respond ""Close the bathroom door, son!"""
"Mystery Ink Reddit Bull, Claims Alaska Girl Pics are expected to prove supposed underground print version of famed forum made with ""disappearing ink"" a hoax."
Guess how i escaped Iraq.. IranSYRIASLY
If Trump wanted to avoid impeachment... ...he should’ve falsely claimed there were WMDs in Iraq
A car thief gets brought before the judge Judge: Why did you steel the car?Thief: I had to get to work.Judge: And why didn't you take the bus instead?Thief: I've got no licence for driving a bus.(English is not my first language and I am on mobile)
"After cremating my grandma, I put her ashes into a trophy. She urned it."
What’s a camels favourite meal? Desert.
"I made a virtual bubble wrap to keep you all busy during quarantine. There might be some irregular bubbles, but that is normal. >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!Nev!< >!er !< >!Gon!< >!na !<  >!Giv!< >!ve !< >!You!< >!Up,!<  >!Nev!< >!er !< >!Gon!< >!na !<  >!Let!< >!You!< >... read more"
"Little boy runs to his mother yelling ""Mommy, dad hung himself in the bathroom!"" Panicked mom runs to the bathroom only to see it's empty. ""Haha Aprli Fools!"" laughs the boy ""He hung himself in the basement."""
I always tip my waiter. He always looks so surprised when he hits the floor.
Because the Hurricane Made Landfall at Night... ...does that make it Florence Night-in Gale?
"Two Grains of Sand... Two grains of sand go on a trip to the beach. One says to the other, “Jesus, it’s crowded here!”"
I've been falling asleep listening to comedy specials and I don't think it's good for my health Because I keep feeling funny in the morning.
"I performed an opening one night for a surgeon, really funny guy They kicked me out of the hospital and called the cops"
I got ripped off at the amusement park. A guy sold me tickets to the ferrous wheel. Turns out it’s made of aluminium.
"God: Gabriel, have you finished setting up future events for the 2020s? Gabriel: Yes, God, I have - wait, did you say 2020s plural? As in the decade?God: Of course, what else?Gabriel: I thought you meant 2020 the year.God: You put a decade worth of history in one year?Gabriel: YesGod: Well, shit."
Joke my 12 year old son made up: What do you call it when you throw Mexican food at high velocity? Fa-yeet-a
Whats a pacifist favorite food? Peas
"A new leaked government tape shows that a Mars rover saw some sort of feline life form on Mars. However, before they could get any more info, Curiosity killed the cat."
What do you call a queue of cats at the bank? A feline
I have the best idea to tackle over-population Send your kids after John Wick
Testing makeup on animals is WRONG... They are cute enough already.^Just ^thought ^I'd ^share ^this ^wholesome ^joke.
"I'm so upset that all the dad jokes on this sub are reposts or just plain shit, there's no originality. ""Hi, so upset that all the dad jokes on this sub are reposts or just plain shit, there's no originality, I'm dad."""
"I used to illegally give weed to my prize winning cows, but I had to stop. The steaks were too high."
"My parents are divorced, and my dad took it kinda hard I once asked him for an xbox, and he handed me a container of my mom's stuff."
Snow isn't a problem in the Middle East ...but ISIS
"I went to my local library to look for a book on small penises With not alot of luck I decided to ask the librarian - ""Have you seen the book about small penises?"" she replied ""It isn't in yet"" I said ""Yeah, that's the one!"""
Apparently its illegal to show some cartoons in the middle east Most cities won't screen episodes of The Flintstones but Abu Dhabi doooooooo
"At a crowded funeral for a popular well known man, the wife stands finally to ask “Would any of you who knew Jim like to say a few words?” An older gentleman from the back shuffled forward, took a deep breathe, and stated loudly “PLETHORA SHITLOAD FUCKTON” The wife hugged the man firmly, and said “Thanks. That means so much.”"
It's good thing tall people like me don't grow on trees friend: too bad shorter people could use the shade!
"Went into my local book store and asked if they had any books on turtles. "" Hard back""? Asked the worker"" yes "" I replied "" with little heads """
Dad: I gave all your toys to the orphanage Kid: Why did you do that dad?Dad: So you won't get bored there.
"Donald Trump and Michael Pence are having a race from the roof of a very tall building. They both decide to jump down, as it’s the fastest way down. Who wins? Society"
"My pet baby shark said his first words, he said.. Da da, da da"
"My wife asked me to stop singing Wonderwall' to her. I said ""Maybe...""."
"What is the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? One is a raving showman, the other is a shaving roman."
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneak-ers
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, ""That's arson."""
How did ancient Grecians get memorialized? They had to urn it.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
There's a fine line between the numerator and denominator.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.' "
What do you call a hot dog on wheels?' 'Fast food!' 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming. 
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
My son has his BA and his MA—but his P­A still supports him. 
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. 'She obviously has COVID,' my wife said. 'Why?' I asked. 'Because she has no taste.' "
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called. "
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard. 
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we 'be positive,' but it’s just so hard without him. "
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you. "
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese. 
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.' 
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust. 
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys. 
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust. 
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?' 'Traffic jam.' 
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.' 
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. 
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef? "
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
Why are skeletons such bad liars? You can see right through them. 
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.' "
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
I’m finally upgrading from 1080p to 4K in January. It’s my new years resolution. 
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor. "
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. 
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1. 
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
"I begin to read a horror novel in Braille. Something bad is about to happen, I can feel it. "
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s. 
What do you call a zombie who cooks stir fries? Dead man wok-ing 
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, ‘Sorry, we don’t serve food here.’ "
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know? 
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it. "
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work. 
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology. 
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!' 
Why do old plumbers only clean sewer lines during the day? 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
What do you call a belt made of watches?' 'A waist of time.' 
Why is it a bad idea to iron a four leaf clover? Because you shouldn’t press your luck! 
"Me: “Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field.” Son: “So what?” Me: “It’s pasture bedtime.”"
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They’re both Paris sites.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands."
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
How do you spell “candy” with just two letters? C and Y.
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
"“My extra winter weight is finally gone. Now, I have spring rolls.”"
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
If you’re up at night while the cows are asleep in the field that means it’s pasture bedtime.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
What did the pecan say to the walnut it was chasing? I’ll cashew eventually!
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
"“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes."
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
What did the pepperoni say walking out of the hospital? I’m cured!
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
What do you call a line you wait in to buy a grill? A Barbe-Queue.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
What did the exasperated man serve at his barbecue? Sheesh kabobs.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
“Whoever stole my depression medication — I hope you’re happy now.”
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
Why did the thief take a shower before robbing the bank? He wanted to make a clean getaway.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
"How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor."
Where do fish keep their money? In a river bank.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
"A young woman goes to a fortuneteller. The fortuneteller tells her that she will be broke and unhappy until she turns fifty. “What happens when I turn fifty?” the young woman asks, staring down at the cards.      “Oh, nothing,” said the fortuneteller. “You’ll just be used to it by then.”"
"Anytime I ask a girl with a boyfriend to watch my favorite movie with her, she always ends up being a Liam Neeson fan “No, Taken”"
I called up GameStop customer support They told me to hold.
I got vaccinated today It was one of those drive thru deals where you don’t leave your car. Right before the nurse injects me she says “little prick”. So I called her a fat bitch and drove off. What’s wrong with people these days?
Im so sorry internet Whats the differance between being hungry and hornyDepends where the cucumber goes!!!
What do you call 2 lambs dating? A relationSHEEP.
How do you talk with a COVID denier with an Ouija board
Why did the soldier blow himself up when he found out about exploding devices He wanted to C4 himself
Kidnapper? Do you mean... Illegal guardian? (I’ll see myself out)
"What’s the difference between unlawful and illegal? Unlawful includes things like drunk driving or robbery, whereas illegal is a sick bird."
"Apparently, drinking a pint of beer shortens your lifespan by nine minutes. According to my calculations I died some time in 1829."
People not wanting to wearing masks is natural. Natural selection.
"My doctor really likes my choice of sensible footwear... I overheard him telling his colleague that I had ""Serious healthy shoes""."
"Steve and John are watching the football when Johns dog starts licking its nuts. Steve says ""i wish I could do that"" To which John replies ""probably best to pat him first or he might bite ya"""
"Tonight on Thursday Night Football, the stadium was 25% full of fans. Turns out they didn’t actually have any Covid policies in place. That’s just the kind of turnout you get when it’s the Bengals and the Browns."
What happens when one plate goes on top of another? You get an earthquake
"Mark and his friend Michelle go to a costume party. When they show up Michelle is clinging to Mark's back. Someone greets them and asks what they're supposed to be. Mark says that he's a snail. The other guy asks ""who's on your back?"" Mark replies ""Michelle"""
Why does Darth Vader's breathing sound so angry? He is just venting...
"Forgot the tree this year, so I'm putting up a 6 foot, tinsel covered Tampon. Just for the festive period."
Whats the differerence between a flat earther and a knife? A knife has a point
"I think my niece has a burgeoning slip 'n slide addiction Once you go down one, it's just a slippery slope."
"I bought a racing snail I bought a racing snail but it kept losing. In desperation I removed it's shell, thinking it would be lighter and faster.It didn't work, it became more sluggish."
Come on Nancy Pelosi.. you can't just rip one on live television like that
"I bought a new gadget: you put venison in the top, turn the handle, and it comes out as pheasant It's a real game changer..."
The police were called to a NASCAR event when belligerent fans became violent after being asked to remove the Confederate flags they had brought to the event. Authorities believe it to be race-related.
"Two guys are walking down the street when a thug lunges from an alley and points a gun at them... ""Gimmie all your money, both of you! Now!"" the thug says.Bill says, ""Wait! Wait! Wait! Just a minute! Steve, here's that $200 I owe you!"""
"What did the staircase say when I climbed it? Nothing.It just staired.  (Actually kind of proud of this one, entirely original dad joke)"
Steam isn’t a Jihadi’s favourite state of water. Ice is.
"Why is it called Red Square called Red Square when it is shaped like a rectangle? Because in Soviet Russia, all sides are equal."
What's brown and sticky  A stick.
There are four stages of life and they all involve Santa 1. You believe in Santa.2. You don't believe in Santa.3. You are Santa.4. You look like Santa.
A brand new hubcap makes the best plate for eggs Benedict. Because there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise.
What happens if a writer drinks too much and writes too little? His iron-y becomes rust-y
"I started playing tennis recently. on the first day I had to tell my tennis partner ""I can't grasp these balls"" he asked why not. I said ""I'm used to holding a shuttle cock"""
I have a printer nicknamed Bob Marley Because it's always Jammin'
"A woman orders a very specific tea at a local cafe however the waitress mistakenly brings her a different one... When the woman takes a sip of it, she notices this and tells the waitress that this is flavor is not her cup of tea."
"Mark and his wife were driving along a country road. They weren't speaking to each other due to an earlier argument. As they passed a particularly rural stretch, they spotted a couple of monkeys in the treetops. ""Relatives of yours?"", asked Mark sarcastically.""Yes,"" she replied. ""My in-laws."""
What does a ghost say when he doesn’t believe you? Ghoulshit!
What has 125 teeth and prevents a savage beast from escaping? My zipper.
"Pencil Box Kingdom Who's the king of the pencil box?The ruler.What's the kingdom's most important discovery?Pencillin.What is the national sport?Erasing.What's the national motto?Keep calm, Crayon.Who are their discriminated minority?The whites.... read more"
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course. Houses can’t jump
Killer whales are great musicians but there's one instrument they just won't play The orcana
Why is it easy to accidentally walk in on the White House Press Secretary while she is in the bathroom? The P is silent.
"*At my boss's funeral, kneeling and whispering at coffin* ""Who's thinking outside the box now Karin?"""
"I would appreciate it if we stopped posting Holocaust Jokes. They're not funny, witty, or humorous. My Grandpa died in the Holocaust He fell off the Guard Tower"
Scientists have finally named the 119th element! The new official name is “Astonishium”. It seems they have discovered the element of surprise.
Trumpty Dumpty Trumpty Dumpty promised a wallTrumpty Dumpty had a great fallAll the golf courses and all the white menCouldn't Make America Great Again
Did you hear about VR for Cows? In Russia they are using Virtual reality to enhance cows moods and increase milk production. On theose cold dreary days the put the VR headset on them and show them summer pastures.You could say it is a mooood enhancer!
"What did the bolt say to the nut? ""Washer? I don't even know 'er!"""
"Look man, this insane need of yours to break into high-end cooking stores and steal kitchen utensils like this thing you're eyeing, is going to get you thrown back in jail if you're caught! Think of your family, please! I appreciate the concern, I really do, but that's a whisk I've go to take!"
"Friend: ""Bro, can you pass me that pamphlet?"" Me: ""Brochure"""
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
"""Siri,"" I asked my phone, ""why am I so bad with women? She responded, ""I'm Bixby, you moron."""
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they're out of pasta, and we're penneless."
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she's standing.
What's another name for an iPhone power cord? Apple juice.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
"Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.' "
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk! "
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.' 
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates. 
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.' 
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
Whoever stole my depression medication: I hope you’re happy. 
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel! 
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.' 
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.' 
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet. 
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands. "
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing. 
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it. 
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates. 
What does garlic do when it gets hot?' 'It takes its cloves off.' 
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it. 
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm. 
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! 
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner. 
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming. 
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates. "
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
"Did you get your haircut?' No, I got them all cut. "
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night! 
Where do you learn to make a banana split?' 'Sundae school.' 
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?' 'Traffic jam.' 
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. 
I’m finally upgrading from 1080p to 4K in January. It’s my new years resolution. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
"This morning, Siri said, 'Don’t call me Shirley.' I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode. "
Sore throats are a pain in the neck. 
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around. "
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while. 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, ‘Sorry, we don’t serve food here.’ "
"I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden? "
"I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find was 401 matches… "
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. "
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.' 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. "
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
"I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn't concentrate."
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return."
My wife said my two biggest faults are I don’t listen and something else.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
What do houses wear? An address.
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
"It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle."
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist."
"What is the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? One is a raving showman, the other is a shaving roman."
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst."
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
"What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!"
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
"Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels."
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!"
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know i wouldn't get a reaction.
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
"Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now.
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?"
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
"Heard this sub has a lot of Star Trek fans. Did you guys know that to cut down on costs, a lot of the cast and crew camped outside in tents while filming the outdoor scenes in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Kahn? I just snagged one on eBay! Yeah, so anyways - I thought you guys would appreciate my original Kahn tent."
What are the two biggest differences between an alligator and a crocodile? The spelling and pronunciation.
Lazy people fact #2048290320389220192842991 You were too lazy to read that number.
"Two dogs are sitting in a bar. The first says, ""wanna hear a joke?"" The second dog says ""sure!"" The first dog says ""knock knock."" The second says... WOOF WOOF WOOF! WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF!!"
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
"My girlfriend, Ruth, fell off the back of my motorcycle I rode on, ruthlessly"
Why’d the blonde math major only apply to colleges in South Africa? She wanted to attend a party school where she couldn’t fail at integrating.
"I wanted to improve my physical affection skills, so I went down to the library and took out a book called “How to Hug”... ...You can imagine my disappointment when it turned out to be volume six of the Oxford English Dictionary"
"A news chain started asking people what's their opinion on a food shortage around the world The venezuelans asked what food isThe Europeans asked what shortage isThe americans asked what the rest of the world is The chinese asked what an opinion is, then got arrested for asking too many questions"
"My friend said to me ""what rimes with orange?"" And I said ""No it doesn't.""."
"After hundreds of years of speculation, aliens have finally contacted earth. They prepare a simultaneous broadcast to all humans to give us their message: *Hello people of Earth! We have been trying to reach you about your planet’s extended warranty*"
Which country's capital has the fastest growing population? Ireland. Everday it's Dublin.\*Idk if this has been on here yet. My co worker told me this and I about had a stroke.\*
"As an internist, I always recommend that constipated patients eat more fiber, but with little success. Apparently, they don't give a shit."
An Indian family went into self quarantine after eating lunch at their English friend’s house as they couldn’t taste anything.
What's the difference between a chick pea and a lentil I wouldn't pay 200 dollars to have a lentil on my face
My wife keeps telling me that soup is better with flavour cubes. I don’t put too much stock in that.
What did the Dentist say when he was being prosecuted in court? YOU CANT HANDLE THE TOOTH!!!!!!
There’s a fine line between a numerator and a denominator. And probably only a fraction of people will find this funny.
I called a suicide support line in the middle east They got excited and asked me i if i know how to drive a car
"I asked a cop, ""You know what my toddler's favourite type of scotch is?"" He frowned. ""What is it?""""Hopscotch,"" I replied."
What's the most unhealthy meal served in a nursing home? The Seizure salad.
[NSFW?] A kid rabbit came back from school looking very happy. Father Rabbit: Why does Junior look so happy today?Mother Rabbit: Because they taught the students how to multiply.
"Joke from Slovakia The earlier post reminded me of a joke my brother saw in a newspaper when he lived in Bratislava.Two guys are sitting on a couch watching television.Buddy: Hey, do you know how to play the piano?Guy: I don't know, I've never tried!"
How to audio files say hi to one another? They just .wav
"A man walks into a library, asks the librarian, ""Do you have the new book on living life with a small penis?"" She searches her computer and says, ""I Don't See Anything, I Don't Think Its In Yet.""The man says, ""Yes, that's the one!"""
"Peter sat at his dying wife's bedside. Her voice was little more than a whisper. ""Pete darling,"" she breathed, ""I've a confession to make before I go... I... I'm the one who took the $10,000 from your safe. I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Alex. And it was I who forced your mistress to leave the city. And I am the one who reported your income tax evasion to the government."" ""Don't give it a second thought, sweetheart. Who do you think gave you the poison?"" answered Peter."
"There's so many bad puns on this sub' it's making me just feel numb, and don't talk about the math ones.. ..they make me feel even number."
What unit of measurement did the ancient greeks use to measure their crops? Demeter.
"I found an old violin and a painting in the attic. The antique dealer said, ""The good news is you've got a Stradivarius and a Picasso. The bad news is Stradivarius was a terrible painter and Picasso made crap violins."""
I feel so self-conscious when I'm at home It's difficult dealing with all the *stairs*
"The Only Idea Flat-Earthers Fear Is Sphere, Itself.my favorite joke ive ever created... and the only one..."
What do you call a random selection of sailors? A seamen sample
I lost my job at the bank Turns out you're not supposed to push customers if they ask you to check their balance.
I went to a hedge fund manager's work to punch him in the face And order a McDouble
"A biology teacher runs into a bank holding a flower. He says ""Everybody on the ground, I have a pistil!"""
Got my second shot now..... Waiting for the bartender to come back so that I can have a third shot.
"An Oxford comma walks into a bar, where it spends the evening watching the television getting drunk and smoking cigars. A question mark walks into a bar?"
I have a degree in the design and mechanics of television controllers I don't know what I'm going to do with this remote knowledge.
After 6 months (or so) of listening to people talk with masks on I finally understand what Charlie Browns teacher was saying
"I tried to climb up some house plans. My dad yelled, “get down from there” “Those plans are not to scale!”"
My Chinese waiter thinks all white people look alike and gave my food to the wrong customer Wait. Never mind. That wasn't my waiter.
Just heard my ex just moved in with her boyfriend and he's abusive. Makes me wanna go over there with a baseball bat... ... and then blame it on the boyfriendCredits ~ Anthony Jeselnik
"The 107-year-old man was asked by a television crew what was the secret of his longevity. ""It's because I gave up sex,"" he said.""When did you give up sex?"" asked the reporter.""Just about fifteen years ago.""""I see,"" said the reporter.  ""And why did you give up sex?""""I had to.  I like older women and there weren't any more left!"""
"Noted archeologist Fred Flintstein made an amazing discovery today in Sweden He found remains of some primitive musical instrument and a small deposit of fossilized excrement. when asked about what they signified,Fred Flintstein replied: ""A dab o' ABBA doo."""
What's the best way to watch a Fly Fishing tournament ? Live stream
"Vladimir Putin Travels to an Eastern European Country He walks up to the customs agent and the agent asks, “Name?”“Vladimir Putin”“Country of Origin?”“Russia”“Occupation?”“No, no. Just visiting.”"
Why did the fork go to the party? It wanted to have a good tine.
There is a teenage kitchen basin at your front door selling water from the fountain of youth Let that sink in
"When I met a girl I liked, I used to put all my favorite things about her surrounded by curly braces inside a Javascript file. I feel bad about it in hindsight. Now I know it's wrong to objectify women."
I think my wife is a weather forecaster... A guy called up asking if the coast was clear.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey...but then I turned myself around.
How do ghosts search the web? They use ghoul-gle.
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck.
"Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn't too sure about that but I could do a wicked ""Bohemian Rhapsody."""
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
"6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down."
If you slap Dwayne Johnsons butt... You officially hit rock bottom.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose.
"What's the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci."
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor. 
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner. "
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream. 
Why are piggy banks so wise?' 'They're filled with common cents.' 
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist. "
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid. 
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot. 
SpongeBob may be the main character of the show. But Patrick is the star. 
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please. "
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants. 
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright. "
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious. 
Which cat is the least loyal? A cheetah. 
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom! 
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.' "
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
Why haven’t aliens visited our Solar System yet? They looked at the reviews… only 1 star! 
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.' "
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.' "
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you? 
What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise? LMAYO. 
It’s because they can’t see sh!t at night. 
 Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back. 
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse. 
"Just look at that couple down the road,' a wife told her husband. 'He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?' 'Are you insane?' he responded. 'I barely know the woman!' "
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system. 
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents. "
"How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store. "
I had a fun childhood. My dad used to push me down the hill in old tires. They were Goodyears. 
What did the DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat? ' 
"A son tells his father, 'I have an imaginary girlfriend.' The father sighs and says, 'You know, you could do better.' 'Thanks Dad,' the son says. 'That means a lot.' The father shakes his head and goes, 'I was talking to your girlfriend.' "
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised. 
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring. "
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'What do you want?' The man says, 'Oh, just some fruit punch.' The bartender sighs and shakes his head, 'If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line.' The man looks around, but there is no punchline. "
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me! 
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending. 
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! 
"Dad, did you get a haircut?' 'No, I got them all cut!' "
What do houses wear? An address. 
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Ayatollah. ' “Ayatollah who? ' “Ayatollah you already. ' "
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know? 
"Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark? ' I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian. "
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya! 
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst. "
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough."
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
Without geometry life is pointless.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They’re both Paris sites.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
"What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom."
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth. He said it was acci-dental.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
England doesn't have a kidney bank. But it does have a Liverpool.
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care."
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut."
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card.
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
"I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any."
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
What genre are national anthems? Country.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents."
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright."
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water."
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
How do you spell “candy” with just two letters? C and Y.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Do you think glass coffins will be a success? Remains to be seen.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
"Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash."
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs.
"What did the snowman say to the hipster? Man, I thought I was white"
"How do you tell if someone is a Trump supporter? If their hat, shirt, bumper sticker, four flags on their car, license plate, the seven flags outside their house, and their personality doesn't tell you, I don't know what to say."
I uploaded a picture of our newborn baby to Facebook. I probably should have cropped out my wife's vagina.
You hear about the girl-ghost who got accused of getting breast implants? So rude. Everyone knows she’s got super-naturals.
What is the profession of the handsomest atoms? They're atomic models
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
"Today I cooked something for my family and they all said it was terrible. Jokes on them, the smoke detector thought it was fire."
"I'm color blind and the other day I thought I could actually detect purple, but it was just a pigment of my imagination."
"Arnold Schwarzenegger opens his own shopping mall. A customer left her purse on the counter after a purchase. Seeing the customer is nearing the exit of the mall, Arnold handed the purse to the nearest cashier. ""GET TO THE SHOPPER, NOW!"""
What does a good book and an old dog have in common? You can’t put it down.
"Introvert and the bank So an introvert goes into a bank and decides they need some money. Hesitantly, they walk to the counter. After the teller greets them they immediately respond with, ""Hi, can you leave me a loan?"""
What do you call an Irish armchair? Patty O'Furniture
"What is the longest word in the English language? ""smiles""...The first and last letters are a mile apart"
I had a fight with my erection this morning I beat it single handedly.
What type of music can the Royal Family not listen to? Royalty Free Music
"$50k in hair extentions was stolen from a downtown hair salon, Police are still combing the area for clues."
I take my time while putting toppings on my hotdogs. I choose to relish the moment.
"I just got scammed by an Irish cat, but I should have known.. It was your classic Leopard con"
What do you call a female crab who is also single? Miss. Shell
What did Reverend Rabbit say before blessing his meal ? Lettuce Pray.
"When you don't have a lot of work experience, but you have a lot of ex-girlfriends ""Progressive problem solving skills in an increasingly difficult work environment, with ever increasing productivity goals, only for the company to downsize and lay you off because 'it wasn't you, it was me' reasons."""
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
97.62% of the world's population has accepted climate change as a scientific fact. The rest of them are in North America.
Why is P0rnhubs number 1 user Darth Maul? (I’m gonna get banned for this) Because he’s really horny
Why does Santa need to have all of his maps custom made? He uses polar coordinates!
Finally learned why you can't use a wooden spoon on a Teflon pan It's non-stick
"I didn't quite get my girlfriend's complaints about my passion for Grease songs... So I asked her to tell me more, tell me more."
What noise does a dead giraffe make? *thud*
"I went to the library and asked for Trump's book about deporting illegal immigrants. She told me, ""Get the F*ck out of my country and don't come back."" Me: Yes that's the one."
Did you hear about the road made of body parts? They call it the Organ Trail
"practicing with the violin A little boy goes to his weekly violin lesson, but when he opens the violin case he blurts out a curse, and slams the case shut again. ""What's wrong?"" asks the teacher.""It seems my father is going to rob the bank with my violin"""
"Tonight on Thursday Night Football, the stadium was 25% full of fans. Turns out they didn’t actually have any Covid policies in place. That’s just the kind of turnout you get when it’s the Bengals and the Browns."
What is the difference between a light bulb and pregnant woman? You can unscrew a light bulb.
Apparently 25% of women are on some form of medication for mental illness. 25%! That's horrifying. It means 75% of them are running around untreated!
"What's dead, brown, and covered in sand? Shamima Begum's kids."
"What does Old McDonald's farm and an old Asian women's closet have in common? There's a muumuu here, a muumuu there...."
Reddit silver icon is basically a toilet seat An aerial view of a toilet lid.
What's an epileptic's favorite starter? Seizure salad.
"I was boiling some noodles until the pot suddenly began to float. Needless to say, it was soup rising."
"An Internet Explorer user was recently mugged by a snail, a turtle, and a sloth. When reporters asked him if he could describe the muggers, he responded, ""Not very well. It all happened so fast."""
"A German goes on holiday to France. He gets to passport control and the woman asks ""Occupation?"" ""No, just visiting."" Said the guy."
What's a Pirate's least favorite letter? A copyright infringement notice.
What did Donald Trump say to the cow? Fake moos!
"My neighbour just banged on the wall at 4.20am, can you believe it!!? Luckilly I was still up playing music. He banged and shouted ' can we have a little respect please!'I shouted back..., 'I'm not a big Erasure fan, but ok this one's for you!'"
What are the two possible things that can happen when a ghost writer dies? He becomes a ghost-ghost writerOr...Drake's career ends either of the two.
"Well,would you? If your Uncle Jack was on his roof, and he wanted you to help him down, would you help your Uncle Jack off?"
Why do squirrels live in trees? Because they’re fucking nuts!
"A man walks into a bank He's wearing a mask goes up to counter and makes a finger gun symbolThe clerk asks him still in shock 'i- i- is- this a stick up'The man looks at the ground and goes 'No!, I forgot my gun this is a fuck up'"
Dad gets mom a cake for her birthday every year But for Mother’s Day he gives her a cream pie.
Special glove I can count on one hand the number of extra fingers I have.
"If two vegans get into a fight, is it still considered beef?"
"(Holding a step ladder) ""This is my step ladder... I never knew my real ladder."""
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
Need a good Dad Joke card? Check out our collection of printable Dad Joke Birthday and Father's Day cards!
"Why doesn't Dracula have any friends? Well, honestly, he's a real pain in the neck."
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
"People who use selfie sticks really need to have a good, long look at themselves."
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it's becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.' "
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa. 
Sore throats are a pain in the neck. 
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!' 
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
"Clothes, but no cigar."
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square. 
"Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?' No sun. "
"Just look at that couple down the road,' a wife told her husband. 'He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?' 'Are you insane?' he responded. 'I barely know the woman!' "
How does the moon cut his hair?' 'Eclipse it.' 
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me. "
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake. 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints. 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it. "
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero. 
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home! "
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged. 
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos. 
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!' 
My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised. 
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty. 
"Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession. "
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?' 'Sofishticated.' 
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed. "
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning. "
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s. 
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. 
Why haven’t aliens visited our Solar System yet? They looked at the reviews… only 1 star! 
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor. 
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful. 
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account?' 'Prime mates.' 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time. 
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it. 
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off. 
"I was in a grocery store when a man started to throw cheese, butter and yoghurt at me. How Dairy! "
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5. 
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
Why are skeletons such bad liars? You can see right through them. 
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?' 'Sofishticated.' 
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?' 'Where's Pop Corn?' 
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins."
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now."
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner."
Where do fish keep their money? In a river bank.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
"I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!"
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
"I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!"
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
In the beef army there was a soldier who always snuck up on the enemy from the left or right. He was a flank steak.
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What did the pecan say to the walnut it was chasing? I’ll cashew eventually!
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
"Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right."
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
"I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”"
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
Have you heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mainly wrap.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
"“Today my son asked me, ‘Can I have a bookmark’? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!”"
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
"The surgeon's first circumcision was tricky. Eventually, the surgeon managed to pull it off."
What do you tell Drake if he says something stupid? Ok groomer
Why was the man at the cookout so happy? He met the grill of his dreams.
When you call 911 no matter where you are your phone will connect to even the smallest amount of service to get your call through They use the same idea to make mobile game ads
Why did the Nuclear Power Plant have an aquarium built next to it? To put all its nuclear fission.
"I took my family to a fancy dress party, I asked my wife to be a panda, my kid to be a koala and I went as a grizzly. My wife didn't get the joke, so I said I will tell you when we get to the party... At the party I still refused to tell her and told her to be patient, so when we left... ...I simply turned to her and said, thanks for bearing with me!"
"What do you call a frozen pair of panties, once it defrosts?! THAWNG."
Biology tell me you're 70% water. Physics tells me that you're 99.99% empty space. Chemistry tells me that you're 60% oxygen. But I'm telling you that you're a 100% CUTIE!!!
What do bus drivers put on their morning pancakes? Traffic jam
"Last night I was laying in bed naked with my girlfriend when she started to cough. She told me she might need to get tested for Covid.  I pulled the covers over her head, then I farted.She goes ""ewwww, that stinks.  Oh my God I can taste it!!!"".Then I pulled the covers off of her and said ""Congratulations. You don't  have Covid""."
"As Northern Germans, we really struggle with the six feet distance mandate ... Hopefully we can go back to our usual 10 feet distance after being vaccinated."
I went to CVS to get toilet paper and they ran out because of the virus. So I bought a candy bar and the receipt gave me enough to last for weeks.
Why is the forest floor covered in leaf litter? Because nature abhors a vacuum
"My mum said to me, ""can you please pass me a book mark?"" Absolutely broken.  25 years old and she doesn't know my name is Scott."
Why did the riot police show up to the protest so early? To beat the crowd
"What's easier to get, aids or lung cancer? Depends what you smoke.(Not native speaker, sorry if it doesn't make sense)"
I still don't see why Daniel Radcliffe was cast for Now You See Me 2. I just can't see him as a magician.
An Indian man walk into a bar.. Let's wait for him...
"In an alternate universe, Shakespeare’s writings are the easiest to understand But basic dialogue... is for prose."
"Me (a Mexican): Oh shit, the printer says no papers Coworker (also Mexican): Oh shit, Donald Trump is gonna get mad"
"Visitor: My favorite part of the zoo is the cage that says 'World's most dangerous animal' and it's just a mirror in it Zookeeper: Yup, thought-provoking stuff. \*Whispering into phone\* The leopard's escaped again"
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
"An 80 year old man walks into the doctor's office After the examination, the doctor says: ""Sir, you have to give blood, feces, urine and if possible sperm for tests."" The man replied: ""Well, doctor, I'm in a bit of a hurry, will it be okay if I just left my underpants?"""
Why did Mrs.Claus break up with Santa? Because he kept calling her a hoe hoe hoe
"I was told I make ""too many jokes"" about my self, and that the value of my humor is ""depreciating"" I said ""it's pronounced deprecating"""
A daughter asks her father how he left the middle east. I ran.
"An alligator and crocodile both walk into a bar. Sitting next to each other, they both order the same drink. The alligator spits out his drink claiming it to be disgusting. The crocodile looks at him claiming it isn't that bad. The alligator looks at the crocodile and simply says one thing: ""Well that's a croc."""
"A mother in law said to her son's wife when their baby was born: ""I don't mean to be rude but he doesn't look anything like my son."" The daughter-in-law lifted her skirt and said: ""I don't mean to be rude either, but this is a pussy, not a fucking photo-copier."""
"Beggars are like mosquitos... You hope for cold weather, so they will stop bothering you."
"Abraa Kadabra! Expelliarnos! Stoopify! Wingardian Levioseaa! Loomos! Expecto Patrones! I'm sorry, it seems my spell-check isn't working."
Which operating system does Varys run his spy network on? Unix; it was decided for him.
I see the new Ford Bronco is coming out soon. I bet the glove compartment is absolutely killer.
What did the wind turbine say to Lady Gaga? I'm a HUGE fan!
How did the Jewish man make grain into beer? Hebrew
Where does China keep their political prisoners? Wontonamo Bay
I've been watching far too much television lately. My dreams have adverts in them now.
"Dad: Did you know that Mortal Kombat was based on a Scandinavian song? Son: Wait, really?Dad: Yes, a Finnish hymn."
"After 175 years, researchers have finally figured out what caused the Irish Potato Famine of 1845 One of the potatoes that rose to power was named Richard. He was a Dick tater."
"There are serious injustices that have not been corrected in this world. For example, beating up a white guy will get you much more prison time than beating up a black guy.After all, Assault can get you up to 25 years, while impersonating a policeman will get you 5 at most."
Why did the Hispanic man keep purchasing trains? I'm not quite sure myself honestly but he has to have some sort of locomotive.
Do you file your nails? I throw mine away.
Eve eating the apple marked.. .. the first time when Artificial Intelligence got out of its creator's control.
An Indian family went into self quarantine after eating lunch at their English friend’s house as they couldn’t taste anything.
"A cat says meow, a dog says woof. What does a hippo say? ""Gimme your marbles!"""
"I was having an argument with the wife and she said "" When i married you, i thought ypu where brave""..... And i said ""So did i all my friends""..."
My cat just passed... RIP Fluffy McMittens  2002-2003 2003-2005 2005-2007 2007-2008 2008-2011 2011-2013 2013-2014 2014-2015 2015-2017
How does Bernie Sanders stay so slim? Inter-mitten fasting.
Why was the ghost sad on Christmas Day? Because he had no presence....sorry
Comic: Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows? Victim: No. I have not heard about the new corduroy pillows.Comic: Really? I find that very surprising because they are making headlines everywhere!
"2020 Divided by 5 is 404, So the Whole Year is an Error. And now we have a virus."
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
Why aren't koalas actual bears? They don't meet the koalafications.
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn't have the guts.
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean."
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
Why are there fences around cemeteries? Because people are dying to get in.
This year's Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it's as big as the last two put together.
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald, duck!"""
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. 
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.' "
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe. 
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.' "
"My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care. "
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper. 
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot. 
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast. 
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers. 
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints. 
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit. 
I was researching about Atheism. Turns out it’s a non-prophet organization. 
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology. 
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns. 
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.' "
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled? 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie. 
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato. 
She said I won’t be able to make it. 
When does a joke become a “dad joke? ' When it becomes apparent. 
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words! 
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school. 
I can sum up 2021 in one word. Five  
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays. 
What’s the easiest way to burn 1000 calories? Leave the pizza in the oven. 
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys. 
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it. 
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them. 
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst. "
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust. 
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch. 
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater. "
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'' "
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?' 'Pilgrims.' "
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus. "
"Can February March? No, but April May!' "
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
How does a hurricane see? With one eye. 
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.' "
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. 
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. ""She obviously has COVID,"" my wife said. ""Why?"" I asked. ""Because she has no taste."""
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
"I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking."
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
It was an emotional wedding — even the cake was in tiers.
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
"I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it."
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs!
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
"I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find."
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
"Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash."
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing."
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
"I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it."
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright."
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around."
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
Why are butter jokes so hard to make? Because there is no margarine for error.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
"“What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.”"
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”"
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a ""Get Well Soon"" card."
"A man bought an olympic condom pack Husband: Hey see I got a olympic condom packWife: huh, what is thatHusband: It has condoms named with medals. Let ne use the gold one.Wife: Nah use the silver one.Husband: Why?Wife: You should come second for a change"
"Common English Mistakes Common English Mistakes-mixing up there, their, and they're-using the wrong too, to, or two-putting commas in the wrong place-enslaving innocent people and stealing their riches-using apostrophes for plurals"
What did the man get for losing the most amount of muscle? Atrophy
How do you save money on cat food? By buying bird seed instead.
"I was never a very good waiter. On my first day, two ladies came in and ordered: First lady: ""I'll have a garden salad please""Second lady: ""Caesar salad for me please""So I brought the first lady her garden salad, then seized it and gave it to the second lady."
"Got fired today because I fell for a scam asking me to wire a sizable amount of company money to a foreign bank account. If that hadn't been stupid enough, I also confused the foreign bank account with my own."
What did the butcher say to do incase there was a fire? Grab your meat and beat it
Why didn't Helen Keller scream when she fell of a cliff? Because she was wearing her mittens.
"Dropped off a small meal to the lady next door with questionable morals. Let’s be kind to our neighbors, y’all. Just a little food for thot."
"Edward Snowden just joined Twitter. Almost immediately he got more followers than the NSA. Luckily for the NSA, they follow a lot more people than Snowden."
"I couldn't afford a nice television, so I just smoked a ton of weed and read the dictionary. High definition."
What kind of makeup does a sad clown wear? Frowndation.
"The sudden blurry vision, forgetfulness, and erratic behavior had me convinced I had brain cancer. Neurologist said it was all in my head."
Visitors to the zoo were not sure they liked the changes to the bear exhibit It was Polarizing
Dating is much easier since the lock down started. Zero effort.
"Why did the match factory burn down? Because the workers went on strikeI just thought of this, not sure whether its an original joke"
"Went to the opticians. She told me that I was color blind.Well I must say, that came right out of the purple."
Can a kangaroo jump higher than Empire State Building? Ofcourse ! The Empire State Building can't jump
My roommate keeps taking my water bottle out of the refrigerator It's not cool man
"How did the redneck drug addict get his crush to date him? It all started with""I'd be dilaudid to have yew fer dinner"""
"If a bank gets robbed by ghosts, then it’s a Polterheist."
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up literally everything.
For how long since its discovery has Covid 19 been deadly? From right off the bat.
What’s a ghost cow say? “Moo” silly it’s still a cow.
Why did the Dragonborn climb the 7000 steps? He wanted to see what all the Fus was about.(Credit to a youtube comment i saw)
"What's the worst part of being a self-employed, one person work from home business? The constant sexual harassment, from the boss, while you're just trying to get work done."
"I had a health form for my doctor to fill out today. He reached into his pocket and pulled out an old mercury thermometer. “Shit,” he said. “Some asshole has my pen!”"
What do you call an authoritarian couch potato? A dictator tot
Chuck Norris has a kitten Every night for a snack
"A guy goes to a costume party wearing only underpants The host says ""What are you supposed to be?""The guy replies ""I'm a premature ejaculation. I just came in my underwear."""
What do you call an insane crocodile in Mexico? Locodrilo
There are no skeletons in my closet. The bodies haven't decomposed yet.
What did the rising sun say to the morning dew? You will be mist.
Apparently the first dog in space died of stress It was probably because of the vacuum
I opened up a summer camp for kids with adhd. Although I regret calling it a concentration camp.
My dad just told me that slumber prices are at an all-time-high! Seems his dream house is gonna to have to wait.
A man was arrested while running in a wheat field. ..He was charged for going against the grain.
"I really hate it when beggars shake their coin jar at me I know you have more money than me, you don’t have to be a dick about it!"
"I had a few too many drinks in a restaurant the other night, went to the bathroom and wound up accidentally peeing in the sink instead of the urinal.. At least I think I did. It was hard to concentrate with all those angry women yelling at me."
Only SEVEN people die as temperatures as low as -42F wreak havoc across the American Midwest. Apparently guns don't work in those temperatures.
One of my best teachers in high school was a turtle. I remember everything he tortoise.
Why do Python programmers have low self esteem? They're constantly comparing their self to other.
Imagine how happy barn owls were .... when people finally started making barns.
What do you call a black man that's just been hit by a bus? An ambulance you racist.
"I don't believe in astrology at all. But I am a scorpio, and we are all born skeptics."
"A policeman stops three guys on a motorcycle He asks them: ""Are you crazy? What the hell are three of you doing on such a small motorcycle!?""One of the three guys replies: ""Three? OH SHIT GUYS, BOBBY FELL OUT!"""
I was in the betting shop and my friend told me to put all my money on a horse named 'Landfill'.  Turns out it was a rubbish tip.
"A dad was washing his car with his son. After a while, the son finally asked ""Can't you just use the sponge?"""
"What does a stoner do when he sees a space man? He parks in it, man."
Why was Hitler so surprised when he lost the war? Because he did Nazi it coming.
What do you call a naughty lamb dressed up like a skeleton for Halloween? Baaad to the bone.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
Why don't lobsters like to share? They're shellfish.
Why did the computer have no money left? Someone cleaned out its cache!
Why did the bicycle collapse? It was two tired.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
"Want to hear a pizza joke? Nahhh, it's too cheesy!"
How do snails fight? They slug it out.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
What's the resemblance between a red apple and a green apple? They're both red. Except for the green one.
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system. 
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste! 
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist. "
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
A steak pun is a rare medium done well. 
What sound does a witch’s car make? Broom broom! 
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut! 
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?' "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
"I’m starting a flight company exclusively for bald people, I’ll call it… Receding airlines. "
What do you say to your sister when she’s crying? Are you having a Crisis? 
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi. 
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.' "
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
Why do standup comedians perform poorly in Hawaii? Because the audience only responds in a low ha. 
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner. "
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean. "
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes. 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
She said I won’t be able to make it. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese. 
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. 
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up. "
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help. 
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!' 
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'' "
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. "
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross. 
What do you say to your sister when she’s crying? Are you having a Crisis? 
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it. 
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system. 
Did you hear about the cheese that’s been working out? Dude’s shredded 
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!' 
"Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession. "
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback! 
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.' 
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
"I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes."
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
"At the job interview, they asked me, “Where do you see yourself in five years?”"
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
"I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old."
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
"6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down."
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed."
Did you heard about the giant that threw up? It's all over town!
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
"I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins."
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
"I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!"
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
"“What’s your name, son?” The principal asked his student. The kid replied, “D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.” “Do you have a stutter?” the principal asked. The student answered, “No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.”"
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggy.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
What do houses wear? An address.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater."
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
Did you heard about the giant that threw up? It's all over town!
A woman is like a loaf of bread... I eat the butt first.
(NSFW) a 1990 Kinsey Institute report states that 5 to 10 percent of the U.S. population engages in sadomasochism at least an occasional basis. That's a rough estimate
Did you hear they're making a low-budget version of Dunkirk? They're calling it Dunkirkland
What do you call a pear thats a dad? I don't really know but it should be apparent.
"My friend who used to live in russia became a father today. His son had a mutation of a sort that made him have 3 balls instead of 2. I immediately saw the opportunity and replied to him ""chernoballs"" .......he hates me nowJason im sorry if u read this"
"Boy asks, ""Granny, have u seen my pills, they're marked LSD"" Granny replies, ""Fuck the pills, have u seen the dragon in the kitchen?!"""
what do you call a pit stop that sells crabs and pizza? a crust station
What did the giraffe say to the cat? Get the fuck off my tree
"When it's hot, my wife really likes us to blow on each other to help keep cool, but I'll be honest... I'm not a fan."
My uncle just died. He fell into a vat of polish at the furniture factory. It was a terrible end but a lovely finish.
"A teenage potato brings her boyfriend home to meet the parents. ""So, what do you do for work?"" asks the inquisitive father potato. “Oh, I work for a TV company as a sportscaster."" The father potato is furious and tells the boyfriend to leave immediately. “Why did you do that daddy?!” shrieks the distraught daughter, eyes wide.The father shouts, “I’m not having *my* daughter hanging around with a commentator!"""
How do you earn karma on March 14 (3/14) when it isn’t your cake day? Easy! Slice of pi.
When a guy walks into a room full of other guys he usually comments on how its a sausage fest... So I wonder do girls walk into a room full of girls and comment on how its a fish fest or total clam jam?
Did you hear about the latest pair of scissors in the market? It's said to be cutting edge technology
BREAKING NEWS: There was an explosion at the local cheese factory! Da Brie is everywhere.
French fries are not made in France. They are actually made in Grease.
What do you call a scientist who wants equal rights for all elements? A chemenist!
A boy tried to pick a flower [OC] the flower took a **pistil** and shot him in **style**
"A secretary is helping her boss sort through job applications to pick a winner The first thing the boss does is close his eyes, pick out 5 at random, and throw them in the trash. Puzzled, the secretary asks ""why did you do that?""The boss responds, ""I dont want to hire an unlucky person"""
The best thing about knitting squirrels is that their nuts about cuneiform You can even pay them in peanuts until they unionize and start demanding pistachios
"I finally got out of an abusive relationship I'm glad, my hands were starting to hurt!  ^(Source: SrGrafo stream musings)"
"A jewel thief entered a house mid-afternoon. He tied up the woman and at knife-point asked the man to hand over the jewelry and money. The man started sobbing and said, “You can take anything you want. You can even pistol whip me, but please untie the rope and free her.” Thief: “You must really love your wife!”  Man: “No, but she  will be home shortly”."
I just found out about the second meaning of BBC.... Who cares about British television?
No wonder hell finally froze over for the Cubs... ...because the devil left to be President
What happened when Sean Connery bought himself a little kitten? The cat shat on the mat.
My great grandfather got me an IPad for my birthday. My so-so grandfather got me a pair of socks.
I'm down to eating only one meal per day. It's 56 courses and it takes me two days to finish.
What do you call a bear caught in a rain shower. A drizzly bear!
"Sad news today, folks. Mr. Potato Head died. He had brain tubers."
"As Epstein swayed back and forth, coming to grips with the inevitable, he reached out to give the guard one final high five... But he just left him hanging."
Mosquitoes What sound does an American mosquito make?BzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzWhat sound does a Canadian mosquito make?EhHhHhHhHhHhHhHhHh
"Women are responsible for roughly 45% of car accidents Which is pretty high, considering the steering wheel isn't even on their side."
I am very concerned about the environment One look and I can tell those trees are up to something.
"Son: Hey Dad, I was outstanding at school today. Dad: Good to hear that. What did you do?Son: Our teacher caught me cheating on the quiz. She sent me out and ordered me to stand at the hallway"
"My life highlight was being crowned the hide and seek champion at my school, until they discovered I was cheating I peaked early."
"Robert Mueller has uncovered that Donald Trump dropped Quaaludes with the entire USSR hockey team prior to their stunning defeat to the US at the 1980 Olympics ""Miracle on Ice"" in Lake Placid, NY. So what's the crime in that? He quaalluded with the Russians"
I invented a new word. Plagiarism.--- EDIT : This joke was invented by me and copyrighted. Dare to take it and a lawsuit shall find you.
What do you call a place to buy bootleg horror movies? A Spookeasy
"Anagram of ""mother in law"" Woman Hitler"
"CONFUCIUS DID NOT SAY... Man who wants pretty nurse, must be patient.Passionate kiss, like spider web, leads to undoing of fly.Lady who goes camping must beware of evil intent.Squirrel who runs up woman's leg will not find nuts.Man who leaps off cliff jumps to ... read more"
Step 1. Burning bush Step 2. ????Step 3. PROPHET!
"If I had a dollar for every girl that thought I looked too fat, By now, they’d think I looked pretty good."
6.9 is my worst and least favorite number That is because it is 69 that was ruined by a period
"I was told I make ""too many jokes"" about my self, and that the value of my humor is ""depreciating"" I said ""it's pronounced deprecating"""
A group of physicists held a beach party. They had fun so made it an annual event. It's becoming a really popular wave function.
"What dinosaur can't you hear go to the bathroom? All of them, they're all dead."
What sort of dice has its opinions formed by preconceived notions? A prejudice
"Dad: Have you heard about the pressure washer? Dad: ""have you heard about the pressure washer?""Daughter: ""no.""Dad: *rolls eyes* ""pshhhhhhhhhhhhh."""
I asked Reddit to letter-grade my looks. Their opinions were wildly different. I was in tiers.
What is the holiest chord to play? The G sus although most priests prefer A minor
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They're his watch dogs!
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
"My wife accused me of hating her family and relatives. I replied, ""No, I don't hate your relatives. In fact, I like your mother-in-law a lot better than I like mine."""
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote control. I thought to myself 'well this changes everything'.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
My wife laughed at me when I told her I could make a car out of macaroni. You should've seen her face when I drove pasta!
"We also have a great collection of Knock, Knock Jokes for Kids."
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu-you get what you deserve.
Why does putting a car in reverse make you nostalgic? It takes you back.
Did you know the Pope's favourite scent is Pope-pourri?
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen. 
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space. 
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel! 
My IQ test results came back. They were negative. 
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust. 
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. 
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships. 
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them. 
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore. 
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.' 
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa. 
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything! 
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing. 
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything! 
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.' "
"How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh?' 'Nothing, it's on the house.' "
Why is Peter Pan always flying?' 'He neverlands.' 
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down! 
I can sum up 2021 in one word. Five  
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints. 
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07. 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.' "
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.' 
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space. 
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful. 
I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer! 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream. 
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. "
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it. 
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece. 
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard. 
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom! 
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers. "
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.' 
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.' 
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s. 
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired! 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, 'I’m getting a divorce,' she was the first one to like it. "
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll. "
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
Did you hear about the king that went to the dentist? He needed to get crowns.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
Did you heard about the giant that threw up? It's all over town!
Can I watch TV? Yes but don't turn it on.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
Without geometry life is pointless.
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
I haven't spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
"This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode."
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote control. I thought to myself 'well this changes everything'.
"When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…"
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut."
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once."
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say “cheese.”
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
An invisible man married and invisable women. The kids were nothing to look at.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
"I absolutely love and admire the unintellignt, overweight, yellowish-orange skinned man with the bad combover covering his baldness who has had his finger on the nuclear button all these years... Wait... I was talking about Homer Simpson, who did you think I meant?"
Cyber Monday is Ajit Pai’s favorite day of the year He loves to fuck people online
What did the homicidal vegetarian say? I would kale for some salad.
"Jesus turns up at a stoning. And asks what the person is getting stoned for. “Adultery” is the response from the crowd. Jesus replied “let he who is without sin cast the first stone.”A voice from the crowd replied “for fucks sake Jesus, you always want to go first!”"
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
I recently discovered I can move my sister's daughters through the air with my brain but not her sons. I think I have telekinieces.
"Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at ""C""."
"I've just invented a thought controlled air freshener. Sounds crazy!! But it makes scents,  if you think about it."
"Just got to get this off my chest.... I'm getting sick and tired of people complaining about the price of things, $2.70 for coffee, $1.50 a cookie, $4.00 an hour for parking. If I hear any more moaning.. I'm stopping inviting people to my house."
"My dad said It was Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit and Anders Celsius to create the terms used for thermometer scales I replied: Don't you think it's egocentric to name everything after yourself? He said: well, to be fair they both worked hard for their degrees!"
Why do women wear perfume and makeup? Because they're ugly and they stink *Shout outs to my neighbor's eight year old
Did u hear about the cow that jumped over a barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction
"What do you call it when an famous English actor goes on a big, long tirade? A huge rant"
How do you fix a broken gorilla? With a monkey wrench!
Top joke in my second grade class this week: Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall? To make up for his miserable summer.
Why couldn’t the pirate play cards? Because he was sitting on the deck.
"Roses are red, violets ain't black Your mamma's chest, is as flat as her back."
"Girl, you got me so into outer space I can see my self in Uranus."
What did Jesus say to the Turtle? Shellom Happy Easter!!!!!
What does a classical composer use to carry his groceries? A Chopin cart
How do you get into a locked cemetery? With a skeleton key
I dumped a girl because she wouldn’t let me read poetry. Prose before hoes.
"Oxygen and potassium went for a date and it was OK After,  Oxygen was found cheating on potassium by dating magnesium.  That was an OMg moment"
"Our computers went down at work today, so we had to do everything manually... It took me twenty minutes to shuffle the cards for solitaire."
"Hagrid cremates Harry Potter and throws his ashes into a snowstorm ""You're a blizzard, Harry"""
My friend claims he can print a Gun using his 3D Printer. I'm not impressed. I've had a Canon printer for years.
"I was banging this hot chick on her kitchen table when we heard the front door open. She said, ""It's my husband! Quick, try the backdoor.""Thinking back, I really should have ran but you don't get offers like that everyday."
What do you call a triangle that got OWNED? A rectangle.
"Once a man was lying on the beach wearing nothing but a hat on his crotch. Then a lady came by her and said, ""If you were a gentleman you would have lifted your hat to a lady.""Then he replies “If you were any sort of a sexy lady, the hat would lift by itself.”"
"Since my wife left, I've bought a motorcycle, drugs and am currently in bed with two prostitutes. She's going to be pissed off when she comes home from work."
"A cowboy is riding across the plains when he sees an Indian on his knees with his head on the ground. The Indian looks up at him and says ""Many buffalo come""The Cowboy asks ""Can you hear them?""Then Indian says  "" No, ground sticky."""
My dog just lazes around the house waiting for his next meal to be delivered. He's a Door Dash Hound
I saw a duck mating a pillow the other day... I guess it was DTF
"A man on the street was trying to sell me a ""slightly used"" television... ""How can a television be slightly used?"" I inquired""The old lady that owned it, she was blind in one eye."" he said"
What did the seal with a broken arm say to the shark? Do not eat if seal is broken
If my coworker had a dollar for every time i made a sexist joke... She would have ¢0.77
"My wife really likes her Rampant Rabbit It's not her favourite sex toy, but it's definitely right up there."
"Guy A signs up for a haircut promotion where he pays a one time fee of $100 for unlimited haircuts, whereas Guy B said no to the promotion. Why does Guy B feel so much pain every time he gets a hair cut? Pay Per Cut."
"My girlfriend is so sweet and loving, plus she plays in goal for the local football team She's a keeper"
"A biologist, a mathematician, and a physicist watch as two people enter an empty house and three people leave the house. The biologist says, ""They reproduced.""The mathematician says, ""If one person enters the house, it will be empty again.""The physicist says, ""At least one of our observations was incorrect."""
Not to spoil the Eclipse for anyone tomorrow but... Bella chooses Edward.
A jumper I got for my birthday kept picking up static electricity. So I took it back to the shop and exchanged it for another one.Free of charge
In a banana republic the traffic lights go from green to yellow to brown.
"What did the tie say to the hat? I'll hang here, and you go on ahead."
"Help, my wife is missing!!! Sergeant at Police Station: What is her height?Husband: Gee, I'm not sure. A little over 170 centermeters tall.Sergeant: Weight?Husband: Don't know. Not slim, not really fat.Sergeant: Color of eyes?Husband: Sort of brown I think. Never ... read more"
Why did the half blind man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
"Not to brag, but I kept my new year’s resolution for 2020 by tackling the Rockies. Next year, it is the Rambos."
Googled 'how to light a cigar'... and got 70 million matches.
Did anyone hear about that country who started using balloons as currency? They ended up with a massive inflation problem.
Who in the hell names their son “Tiger” ? Only people in the Woods’
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
"When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, No, I'd rather drink it out of the carton!"
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
"After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it!"
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, ""You have to help me, I think I'm shrinking."" ""Now settle down,"" the doctor calmly told him. ""You'll just have to learn to be a little patient."""
Why can you never hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.
Why is it hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs? They always take things literally.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That's the punch line.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. 
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please. "
What's brown and sticky? A stick. 
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
"Lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. "
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.' 
How does a hurricane see? With one eye. 
"Dad, did you get a haircut?' 'No, I got them all cut!' "
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.' "
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me! 
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf "
How do you get a blind person to see? Usually by boat. 
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system. 
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it. "
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.' 
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke. "
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine. 
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night! 
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints. 
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it. 
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. "
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs. 
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...' 
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. 
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
Why did Karen press Ctrl+Shift+Delete? Because she wanted to see the task manager. 
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor. 
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. 
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan. 
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball. 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.' 
"Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish. "
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a Roman Catholic. 
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but graphing is where I draw the line. "
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight. 
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?' 'No, I don't think they'll fit me.' "
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.' 
"I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.' "
Dad: I named you after my father. After my father: I know 
"I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.' "
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
“Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.”
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!"
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
"How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor."
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents."
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
If you’re up at night while the cows are asleep in the field that means it’s pasture bedtime.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
If you’re up at night while the cows are asleep in the field that means it’s pasture bedtime.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaad mooood.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
"“Today my son asked me, ‘Can I have a bookmark’? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!”"
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it."
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth. He said it was acci-dental.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? “Supplies!”
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
I just got a new job at the prison library It has its prose and cons.
What ruined Tiger Woods’ golf career? His driving game.
I'm down to eating only one meal per day. It's 56 courses and it takes me two days to finish.
"A man walks into a bar and orders 5 Whiskeys and downs them incredibly quickly. The barman says ""That was quick!""""You'd drink them quickly if you had what I had..."" replies the man.""Ohh, what's that?"" said the barman sympathetically.The man answers ""no money."""
Rich people have... Rich people have colon cleansesPoor people have taco bell
(NSFW) a 1990 Kinsey Institute report states that 5 to 10 percent of the U.S. population engages in sadomasochism at least an occasional basis. That's a rough estimate
"A plastic surgeon at Johns Hopkins just performed surgery on a child born without eyelids, circumcising him and replaced the missing lids with the harvested tissue. The boy's new eyelids work almost perfectly and, since they were made from his own tissue, rejection won't be a problem.When speaking to reporters, though, the surgeon admitted that the boy does look a little cockeyed."
"Superglue comes with a warning: ""Caution - Instantly bonds skin."" But a whole shipment got out with a misprint: ""Caution - Instantly bonds kin."" That's how I ended up marrying my first cousin."
My mom accidentally put in more butter than what was called for in the recipe. It was only a marginal error.
What do you call a Russian IT specialist? Mr. Switchitonanov
Why didn't the Pope go to the beach once he learnt trigonometry? sin cos tan
What is the proper name for the ghost of a buffalo? A booffalo.
Trump did a better job getting people to exercise in 1 month than Michelle Obama did in 8 years Look at all those protesters on the streets!
What did the necrophile do when he met a hot chick? He took her out.
"Thanks to my internet service provider, I was finally able to read a book.... They had an outage"
Have you heard about the rappers ghost writer going to jail He was behind bars
I have enough money to set me for life... If I die next Thursday.
Women are like parking spaces All the good ones are taken so when no ones looking you put it in a disabled one
How do computers form intimate relations? They insert the floppy into the disc drive.
I love showing up to religious conventions cosplaying as a crucified Jesus. I'm a cross dresser.
"A guy storms into a bank, pulls out his gun, points it at a teller and hollers, “Give me all your money or you’re geography!” Trembling, the teller stammers, “D...d...don’t y...y...you m...m...mean h...h...history?” The robber screams, “Don’t change the subject!”"
"A little old lady would feed two squirrels in her backyard everyday. One morning the old lady goes out to feed them and finds them dead. She decides she can't live without them and takes them to a taxidermist. She asks to have them stuffed. The taxidermist asked if she wanted them mounted... ""No!"" She said. ""Holding hands will be just fine."""
What do youcall a broke santa? Saint nickel less
"4 million of these people enter our country every year. They are uneducated, unskilled, and contribute nothing. They are a burden to honest, hardworking Americans and our government is doing nothing to stop them, not to mention they're dirty and they smell bad. THEY DON'T EVEN SPEAK ENGLISH!! Man, I hate babies."
"A butcher is 5 ft 3 inches tall, what does he weigh? Meat"
Why is an Ambulance slow? Because its a Patient Transport
"If planet Earth was a human body, the UK would be the colon because everything it touches turns to shit. That's why it's called Colonization."
How can you tell if a hamburger was grilled in space? It's a little meteor.
"When the heat turns down,we thieves gather in our secret hideout for a meeting. We call it our Con Den session."
If you thought alcohol was bad for your short term memory... ...just imagine what alcohol will do!
"Roses are red, Violets are blue Hitler blew an 11 country lead during World War 2"
"A woman goes into an art gallery and sees two still-life pictures. Both are of a table laid for lunch with a glass of wine, a basket of bread rolls and a plate of sliced ham. However, one picture is selling for $75 and the other for $100. Curious, she goes to the gallery owner and asks him what the difference is between the two pictures. The owner points at the $100 painting and says, “You get more ham with that one.”"
What do you call an expert fisherman? A Master Baiter.
What is the best way to hand feed a crocodile? Very carefully.
"How do dogs play Among Us? One is the impawster, and the others are chewmates."
When the target range was asked when they would be fully open again They said they were shooting for the fall
What does a squirrel and a cigarette have in common? They’re both safe until you light them on fire and put them in your mouth.
What Do You Call Mondays without Any Zoom Meetings? Meetless Mondays
"The guy who wrote the song 'In Too Deep' missed out on the 'best writer of a rock song' award. Most of the judges said he lost, but Sum41."
"Book never written: ""Disciplining Really Disobedient Kids"" ...by A. S. Swooping"
"My Dad is a Nun When my Dad got dragged to court and they asked if he had an occupation, he said Nun"
"What's a calendar's favorite treat? Dates!(My first time posting here, but I was snacking on dates and this came to my mind)"
My next door neighbour is an inconsiderate asshole. He knocked on my door at 3AM last night!! 3AM!! Lucky for him I was still up playing my drums.
"Doctor tells his patient he only has 6 months to live... Upset, the patient shoots the doctor.  At his trial, the judge sentences him to 30 years to life in jail and asks him if he feels any remorse.  He replies, ""no, your honor.  The doctor gave me 6 months to live, and you gave me 30 years."""
"I figured I could never quit smoking, so I decided to at least stay healthy in other ways. Every time I had a smoke I would do 10 push-ups. I’m still out of shape, but I haven’t touched a cigarette in months..."
So my family is considering matching tattoos. My eldest sister recommends flowers.My middle sister recommends fruits.My youngest sister recommends Pokemon.Me? I suggest we get dinosaurs so I can show my ass cheek and get a tattoo of a Mega-Sore-Ass.
My therapist asked me to write hate-letters to all my enemies and burn them He didn't tell me  what to do with those damn letters though.
"After stopping me, the Policeman asked if I knew why he had pulled me over... Apparently,  ""because you were lonely?"" wasn't the right answer"
30 Seconds To Mars for only 5 Seconds Of Summer? I'd better get my Nickelback or there'll Panic! At The Disco.
Santa's wife divorced him after he cheated on her for the fourth time She could handle the first three ho's but the last one was just too much.
"What's either a really gross animal issue OR an impressive, magical school? Hogwarts."
What do you get when you cross Halloween with rugby? Drop ghouls.
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up.
"""Knock, knock."" ""Who's there?"" ""Nobel."" ""Nobel who?"" ""Nobel, so I knock knocked."""
Why do vampires love baseball? They turn into bats every night.
Why couldn't the family leave the room after playing with Legos? They were blocked.
What's an astronaut's favorite candy? A Mars bar.
What do horses say when they fall? I can't giddy up.
What did Dracula call his interior design book? Fang-shui.
Kids that won't nap are guilty of resisting a rest.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker. 
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos. 
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
Did you hear about the cheese that’s been working out? Dude’s shredded 
Dad: I named you after my father. After my father: I know 
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere! "
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.' 
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.' "
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this 
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper. 
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
"I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.' "
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. "
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck. 
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk! "
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?' 'A meltdown.' 
Which cat is the least loyal? A cheetah. 
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table. 
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough. 
Why haven’t aliens visited our Solar System yet? They looked at the reviews… only 1 star! 
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him. 
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. 
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie? 
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield! 
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!' 
"A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here. ' "
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. 
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust. 
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me. 
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe. 
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you. "
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard. 
I just got a promotion at the farm. I’m the new CIEIO. 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
    My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly. 
She said I won’t be able to make it. 
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.' 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.' 
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face? 
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste! 
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue. 
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line. 
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know? 
"What’s your name, son?' The principal asked his student. The kid replied, 'D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.' 'Do you have a stutter?' the principal asked. The student answered, 'No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.' "
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.' 
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya! 
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence. 
"As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “You know one would have been enough.”"
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
"I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a grape."
She said I won’t be able to make it.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
What sort of room has no windows or doors? A mushroom!
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once."
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: 'sorry we don't serve food here'
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop.
England doesn't have a kidney bank. But it does have a Liverpool.
"What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me."
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
I haven’t talked to my wife in a week — I didn’t want to interrupt her.
"I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs!
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
I haven't spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her!
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. ""I never knew my real ladder.”"
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
What happened to the lost beef shipment? Nobody's herd.
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
"I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”"
What sort of room has no windows or doors? A mushroom!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
"Clothes, but no cigar."
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
"(Apparently, I said this joke in my sleep, and don't recall ever hearing it before, so I may have come up with it in my sleep as well.) Did you hear the one about the professional hockey player who quit his job to become an accountant? He wanted an off-ice job."
There are four stages of life and they all involve Santa 1. You believe in Santa.2. You don't believe in Santa.3. You are Santa.4. You look like Santa.
How do you turn a kitten into a cow? You marry her!
What did the physicist say about the child that jumped off a building? He had so much potential
"Toilet paper is nearly worthless, but you know what is even more worthless? My high school diploma."
Paedophiles are bad. Audiophiles are good.The worst is when you combine the two.And you're getting molested to the grease soundtrack.
The inventor of sliced bread Is likely the one that cut the cheese.
What did one shovel say to the other during a recurring fight? Can we just bury this?
What do you call a book club that's been stuck on one book for years? Church.
"A Priest was reciting a poem, ""Roses are red violets are blue"". My girlfriend is 9 I'm 62."
"So, I went to the doctor... She asked ""What brings you here today?""I replied ""My car.""And then she looked down at the form, shook her head, checked a box, and commented under her breath: ""Not sexually active."""
"My grandmother always had an amazing way with words. One day, I gave her a call after my grandfather had been put into a retirement home. I asked her how he was doing, she said, “He’s like a fish out of water.” I asked, “Is he finding it hard to fit in?” And she replied, “No, he’s dead.”"
The man who invented Tetris died. They buried him and the whole cemetery disappeared.
A bartender walks into a joke writers convention. No joke.
What do you call a pig with three eyes? Piiig
"People who talk to their dogs are just plain stupid... Saw a couple today talking to their husky. Intelligent dog, don't get me wrong, but do they seriously think he understands everything he is told? I came home and told my cat all about it, we laughed our asses off!"
What's the difference between Princess Diana and Tiger Woods? Tigers got a much better driver
Beach locals have been enjoying the decrease in cruise-ship pollutants. No Shit.
What do you call a witch who can never decide between casting good or bad spells? A trans-hex-ual.
"""Grandpa caught a virus yesterday while browsing the web at the nursing home.."" "".. apparently there were hot shingles in his area."""
How do you piss off a female archaeologist? Give her a used tampon and ask her what period it came from.
"My great grandfather was a communist... His nickname was ""popsickle"""
"Hey, I have a good joke Robinhood wants to file for IPO this year."
"Where do you set your drinks when you have covid? A coughey table.My 3 year old just told me this. Jk, my adult brain made this dumb joke, hope it's not a repost."
What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye matey!
Many people say a diploma is just a piece of paper. I as an educated person beg to differ It's a piece of cardboard.
"Got fired from my new job at the dairy factory for making 1% milk the wrong way... ...instead of following the directions exactly, I just skimmed them."
"I was grilling a steak earlier and the smell of the juices started to make my mouth water... Got me thinking, do vegans get the same reaction when mowing the lawn?"
"I asked my friend ""whats it like working at a tire factory?"" apparently it wears thin after a while"
"I made a clock. The big hand is a butcher's knife, the small hand is a paring knife, and the clock face is a sharpening stone. There's never a dull moment."
Why does Darth Vader's breathing sound so angry? He is just venting...
Have you seen the floods in Paris? It's inseine!
My mom told me to load the dish washer. So I got her pregnant.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Been lifting weights without much results. Saw a super ripped trainer at the gym and asked him how he got so jacked . . . He paused and then said 'Let me show you the whey'.
Today I'm only celebrating my birthday for half a minute! I guess you could say it's my thirty-second birthday.
Elon Musk has Tested his New Nerolink Brain Implant on Pigs No word yet if it has successfully stopped them from shooting black people.
"Covid is canceling out all of these fun events like Circus’s, rodeos, and concerts. In about a month, it will really be no Fair."
My wife accused me of being a cross dresser the other day... So i packed her things and left
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
What berry are the turtles allergic to? Strawberry
"A man goes to the doctor for a physical. He tells the doctor not to be alarmed, but he has 5 penises. The doctor says, "" 5 penises!? How do your pants fit?""The man replies, "" like a glove."""
I told my wife I wanted her to spread my ashes for traction when the back porch gets icy That way she can put me to work and step on me one last time.
"What do you get when you eat 3.14 slices of cake? Diabetes.What?, did you really think I was gonna make a pie joke on my cake day?^btw ^I ^waited ^1 ^whole ^year ^to ^tell ^this ^joke"
6.9 is my worst and least favorite number That is because it is 69 that was ruined by a period
"How often should you put an orange slice in your beer? Once, in a Blue Moon."
Did you know: an owl’s head can rotate 720 degrees before it comes off in your hand.
What kind of cells get drafted for war? Diploid
"I should have known the cemetery sale was a scam. I mean, it was a dead giveaway."
What do you call a molecular ring of six iron atoms? A ferrous wheel.
What kind of bird is always getting hurt? The owl.
Why should you always knock on a refrigerator door before opening it? In case there's a salad dressing.
You heard of that new band 1023MB? They're good but they haven't got a gig yet.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
Did you heard about the giant that threw up? It's all over town!
"What did the dishwasher say to the oven after a productive day? ""You've been on fire!"""
"It's raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle."
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
"""Sorry, I was all up in your grill about cooking yesterday."""
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! 
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.' "
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician. 
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero. 
What do you call a belt made of watches?' 'A waist of time.' 
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now. 
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence. 
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants. 
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either. 
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it. 
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea. 
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around. 
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming. 
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere! 
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries. 
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.' 
I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. Thats how I lost my job as a bus driver. 
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe. 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something. "
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, ‘Sorry, we don’t serve food here.’ "
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table. 
"A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people—the student, his mama, and his pauper. "
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows. 
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face? 
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.' 
Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Because he doesn’t want to be spotted. 
"I begin to read a horror novel in Braille. Something bad is about to happen, I can feel it. "
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle. 
Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot. 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. "
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! 
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough. "
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face? 
"I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.' "
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming. 
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
Why are piggy banks so wise?' 'They're filled with common cents.' 
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space. 
What do you say to your sister when she’s crying? Are you having a Crisis? 
"A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, “What’s with the paper towel? ' The pirate says, “Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head! ' "
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison! 
I’ll never tell my accountant a joke again. He just depreciates them. 
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
If you’re up at night while the cows are asleep in the field that means it’s pasture bedtime.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”"
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”"
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. ""She obviously has COVID,"" my wife said. ""Why?"" I asked. ""Because she has no taste."""
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
What do astronauts eat for protein? Launch Meat.
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, “I’m getting a divorce,” she was the first one to like it."
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? “Supplies!”
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
I wasn't going to get a brain transplant. But then I changed my mind.
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
What's Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
"How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor."
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
"I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old."
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around."
Did you hear about the king that went to the dentist? He needed to get crowns.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
The farmer A farmer walks upstairs to his bedroom with a chicken under his arm and stands before his wife.“This is the pig I’ve been fucking”His wife rolls over and sees the farmer.“You idiot that’s a chicken”“SHUT THE FUCK UP IM TALKIN TO THE CHICKEN”
Apple just announced their next groundbreaking product The iShovel
I like to do the same thing to my girlfriend that I do with my drum set Pretend that I have one
"I went on a date with a blind chick the other day. We made it back to my place and things started getting hot when she reached up my pants. She said "" Damn! You have the biggest dick I've ever played with!""I said ""Nah. You're just pulling my leg."""
The guy who invented Sudoku actually really hated numbers He just wanted to put them in their place.
What do you call a ship carrying dairy cows? A Galleon of Milk
When medieval armies went off to war... were they playing for keeps?
"Did you know the 80's pop band ""A Flock of Seagulls"" is gaining alot of attention in the middle east? They're getting really popular in Pakistan, Afghanistan And Iran, I ran so far away!"
Surfer saves shark by punching wife in New South Wales. Beg your pardon. Let me read that again...
"Why didn't George Washington want his portrait on US currency? Because he didn't want to be drawn and ""quartered."""
When I was in college I went to a fortune teller and she told me that if I stay in school and get my degree I will be making a ridiculous amount of money Turns out she was right! Now I work as a crossing guard.
What happened to the single IT technician when he tried to flirt with a barista at a cafe? He was unable to make a connection to the server
I've stopped burning bridges in my life because they make them out of steel now.
"Mike Pence walks into the Oval Office and sees Trump whooping and hollering. ""What's the matter, Mr. President?"" The Vice President inquired.""Nothing at all, boss. I just  finished a jigsaw puzzle in record time!"" The President beamed.""How long did it take you?""""Well, the box said '3 to 5 Years' but I did it in a month!"""
I thought of this while practicing piano: Behtoven's diarrhea was so bad one moonlit night... that he had 3 movements.
"I’ve designed a bathroom stall door that will open for everyone except British detectives. It’s called a No Shit, Sure-Lock."
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
"A Republican walks into a college bookstore and asks the proprietor, ""I'm looking for Trump's new book on illegal immigration?"" The owner says ""GET THE FUCK OUT!""The Republican responds ""Yeah! That's the one!"""
"Two rabbits were being chased by a pack of wolves. The wolves chased the rabbits into a thicket. After a few minutes, one rabbit turned to the other and said, ""Well, do you want to make a run for it or stay here a few days and outnumber them?"
What do you call a canadian enchilada? A centimeter-alada
What do you call someone who doesn't care about printers? No fax given.
Having a baby girl? You should name her Artica. It's awesome because all her nieces and nephews will have an Aunt Artica.
"I asked the librarian if they had any books on Noise Reduction Levels She said ""Sure, what volume ?"""
"Why was the woman turned off when Yoda said ""Hello. My name is Yoda. It's nice to meet you."" He was being too forward."
"Bob gets home and tells his wife he just got a parking ticket for $2,000. She says “$2,000? Where the hell did you park?”“On a person.”"
"Security Guard : ""I'm sorry ma'am but skinny dipping is prohibited in this beach "" Woman : "" You could have warned me before I removed the clothes"" Security guard :"" Well, there is no law about that""."
I heard my school's principle's husband talk about how she gives good blow jobs She is the headmaster after all
"pancakes Psychiatrist: What brought you here?  Patient: My wife sent me here because I like pancakes.  Psychiatrist: There's nothing wrong with that, I like pancakes, too.  Patient: Excellent! Come to my place, I have seven suitcases full of them!"
"Can the flap of a butterfly's wings cause a hurricane across the ocean? I don't know, but some bloke eating a pangolin in wuhan has caused loo roll to run out at Aldi..."
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn’t matter! The dog isn’t going to come anyways.But what do you call a eunuch with no legs?Still doesn’t matter! He’s not going to cum anyways!
"Recently a teacher got arrested... Police found a pencil, ruler and notebook. Allegedly he was part of the Al-Gebra network and possessed weapons of math instruction."
I was air drumming some Metallica at a stop light. I lost a drumstick out the window and quickly changed to Def Leppard.
"People in Iran are scared of spiders But in Iraq, no phobia."
"How the fight started For our 3rd Anniversary, GF wanted me to bring her to a restaurant where they prepare the food in front of you using the freshest ingredients based on your selection.   I brought her to the new Subway in town and that’s how the fight started."
2 blondes are on a Cruise on the Nile. Unfortunately they fall overboard. After a while crocodiles start approaching them. One blond sees them and tells the other: “Oh look how sweet! Rescue boats from Lacoste!”
What do you call someone who makes a spelling error AFTER editing their comment?... An Ediot!
Why do vampires dress in Victorian clothes? Because they love period sex.
"Did you hear about the recent discovery of a giant, reptile-like predator with hemorrhoids? It was a Tyrannosaurass."
For how long since its discovery has Covid 19 been deadly? From right off the bat.
"A dad walks into his daughter's room and saw her fapping with a cucumber, he said: Hey!  I was going to eat that,  now it's going to taste like cucumber!"
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive...
Why did the blue squirrel fall out of it's tree? It dyed.
My thoughts and prayers go out for the Queen I heard she was a massive DMX fan
"A guy has to go to dinner at a fancy restaurant, but he forgot his tie so he used jumper cables. The maître d' says ""I'll let ya in, but don't start anything."""
I ate a dangerous amount of Mexican food After which Poseidon gave me a rimjob in the toilet.
"2020 Divided by 5 is 404, So the Whole Year is an Error. And now we have a virus."
"In Europe, they don't call it the ""Friend Zone"" They call it the ""Pal Region"""
"[NSFW] Oregon has legalized cocaine for a small amount. They called it ""The Oregon Trail""."
"Your mom is so fat she starts the alphabet with the letter ""O""... O B C D..."
I was trying to find the actor who played Rosanne’s husband on the show But a Goodman is hard to find
"A piece of string walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender looks at him and says, We don't serve string here. So the string goes outside, twists himself up a bit, kind of roughs up his ends and walks back into the bar and orders a drink. The bartender looks at him and says, Aren't you that little piece of string that was in here a few minutes ago? The string says, No sir, I'm a frayed knot."
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he's still making fun of me.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins - I couldn't differentiate between them.
"My 3-year-old son said, ""Put my shoes on."" I told him, ""I think my feet are too big."""
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
What did the vampire say when she saw her reflection? Time to get a new mirror.
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
"Doctor, doctor, I'm terrified of squirrels. (Doctor replies:) You must be nuts."
"When geese fly in V-formation, why is one side longer? There are more geese on that side."
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either. 
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot! 
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill. 
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me. "
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. 
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste! 
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 'I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.' The patient asks him, 'Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?' The doctor calmly looks at him and says, 'Nine.' "
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we 'be positive,' but it’s just so hard without him. "
"This morning, Siri said, 'Don’t call me Shirley.' I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode. "
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.' 
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust. 
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned. 
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something. 
I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago. 
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I’m going on ahead. 
"My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point. "
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.' 
"Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark? ' I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian. "
"Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas. "
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.' 
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. "
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac? 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
Who is the most lonely billionaire? Alone musk. 
"Niece: I have a lot of friends named Nathan, there’s Nathan…(endless droning about nicknames). Me: When they are together, do you call them The United Nathans? "
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words! 
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback! 
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
What's brown and sticky? A stick.' 
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
What do you call a zombie’s butt? Deadass 
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck. 
Did you hear about the cheese that’s been working out? Dude’s shredded 
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere. "
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head. "
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time "
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer. 
Did you know that bees are actually allergic to pollen? They break out in hives. 
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato. 
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up 
How do you get a blind person to see? Usually by boat. 
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5. 
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic. "
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
"I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one."
"I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn't concentrate."
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?"
"I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head."
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, ""I always have a few Twix up my sleeve."""
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
"My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!"
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
"“Today my son asked me, ‘Can I have a bookmark’? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!”"
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”"
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
Why did the man get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return."
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
"""Did you get your haircut?"" No, I got them all cut."
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it."
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
"6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down."
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved."
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
"I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!"
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
"I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa."
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus."
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner."
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
Say what you want about Edward Scissorhands... but I think he's a pretty sharp guy.
"Former figure skater Michelle Kwan was caught by paparazzi, who took an unfortunate down-blouse pic. Nevertheless, it's a perfect example of both quality and Kwan titty."
"Two men in a park. A creepy guy walks up to another man in a park. Creepy guy leans close to the man and whispers ""do you have any naked photos of your wife?"" The man angrily says ""certainly not"". Creepy guy says ""would you like to buy some?"""
She was wearing a t-shirt that said Guess So I asked her ... Implants?
"Two men were chatting in a bar ""So what do you do?""""I write""""Oh, poetry or prose?""""Neither, I write cartoons""""Why's that?""""No rhyme or reason"""
"What do you get when you eat 3.14 slices of cake? Diabetes.What?, did you really think I was gonna make a pie joke on my cake day?^btw ^I ^waited ^1 ^whole ^year ^to ^tell ^this ^joke"
"Does a snowman have a heart? Nope, just big balls"
"You’re all wrong, the Earth isn’t flat or round... It’s fucked"
"I decided to call my bathroom Jim instead of John So I feel better by saying ""I went to the Jim this morning"""
My parents have the awesome super power of jumping..... to conclusions in every f***ing thing I talk about.
What do you call an albino white supremacist? An asshole.
Life is just like a USB port 50% chance of being right and always wrong.
i showed my mom my D and she was not happy she said to go study and come talk to her when i get a A+
Me and another coworker were competing to see who was the best at our drug testing job. I was winning until i misplaced a felon's probation samples. So I guess I lost that pissing contest
"On Monday, Hitler told 1 lie. On Tuesday, he again told 1 lie.On Wednesday, he told 2 lies.On Thursday, 3.On Friday, 5.On Saturday, 8.And on Sunday, Hitler told 13 lies.That is the fibber-Nazi sequence."
Have Sean Connery and Daniel Craig ever hung out? I think they would really bond
My grandfather destroyed almost a hundred aircraft in World War Two! He must have been the worst mechanic in the Luftwaffe.
A guy was found dead with ten stab wounds in his stomach. Somebody really hated his guts.
"Do you ever just accidentally infuse an extra atom of oxygen into your water? Fear not, H2O2 is H2O too"
My father never told me why he removed the last page of my comics. I drew my own conclusions.
When a guy walks into a room full of other guys he usually comments on how its a sausage fest... So I wonder do girls walk into a room full of girls and comment on how its a fish fest or total clam jam?
"The illegals protesting with Mexican flags, shouting ""Trump is not my President"" are telling the truth. Their president is Enrique Peña Nieto."
Personally I think you should start the day off with a meal of French mushrooms ...Breakfast of champignons
"My wife said, ""I can think of 14 reasons to leave you, plus your obsession with Tennis."" I replied, ""That's 15 love."""
I'm not a big fan of shower sex. The drain hurts my penis.
"I have decided to pass my time in self-quarantine by streaming Sylvester Stallone movies. Unfortunately, I'm off to a Rocky start."
Why is it easy to accidentally walk in on the White House Press Secretary while she is in the bathroom? The P is silent.
My wife and I had this long pointless argument as to which vowel is the most important. I won.
Give a man a gun and he'll rob a bank...... Give a man a bank and he'll rob everyone.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
Uncle Ben would never discourage Peter from joining the Avengers. But his aunt May.
Why are socialist school teachers so disorganized? Because they love to see the class struggle.
There was an italian couple that went in Spain for holidays. A typical plate in Spain are the balls of the bull. They went in a restaurant and ordered them. When the plate camed there were some little balls. So they asked the waiter why they were that small.He said: it don't always pass good for the bullfighter.
"A duck walked into a Harry Potter toy store, and he said to the man, running the store: “hey... got any Snapes?”"
My home state of Nevada is ranked #50 in education Not the best but at least we're in the top 3
Why is calcium vital in the brass instrument manufacturing industry? Because calcium helps build trombones
"My friend Nick is known as the grill master amongst us, but his ground burgers are undeniably the best. He's got a real Nick knack patty whack!"
What is 10 + velvet? Velveteen
"Women really know how to hold a grudge. My wife asked me to pass her a lip balm, And by mistake, I gave her a tube of Super Glue.  It’s been a month now and she’s still not speaking to me!"
I like it when people to change my mind about things Change my mind.
"The new backyard grill I got for Memorial Day weekend is actually assembled in America... The box of components are imported, but I had to put it together myself in my garage."
What's green and covered in bacon grease? Kermit's finger
"Donald Trump runs into a bar The bartender asks ""hey buddy, why are you all sweaty? Did you ride your bike to get here?""  Donald replies ""No. Iran."""
"What do you call a potato that looks like a penis? A dictator.What do you call a regular looking potato?A commentator.There are two potatoes standing on the side of the road, how do you tell which one is the hooker?The one that says Idaho on it."
"I came walking in from the kitchen, and asked my niece for the phone book. She laughed and called me an antique, then proceeded to give me her phone.Long story short, the spider's dead, and she's in the living room crying."
I told my wife she drew her eyebrows too high She told me she's tired of my repost BS and divorced me. It was definitely a surprise.
When I was 6 I found out I had a life threathening disease. I had to cover myself in urine once a day to stay alive I am just lucky my brother told me about it
my school held a seminar on holding orgasms. nobody came.
"A Russian is travelling to Poland... and he is stopped to be checked by an officer.""Name?"" the officer asked.""Vlad Dobrynin,"" the man answered.""Nationality?""""Russian.""""Occupation?""""No, no, just visiting."""
"TIFU and heard the four words you never want to hear during sex... ""Call me an ambulance"" So I said, ""You're an ambulance."""
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
What do you call two witches who live together? Broom mates.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
Why don't restaurants serve noodles after 10:00 PM? It's pasta bedtime.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
Which branch of the military accepts toddlers? The infantry.
What do you call it when Dwayne Johnson buys a cutting tool? Rock pay-for scissors.
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A Lamborghini.
Why do graveyards have gates? Because people are dying to get in.
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this 
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face? 
What did one wall say to the other?' 'I'll meet you at the corner.' 
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows. 
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it. "
"How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store. "
What do houses wear? An address. 
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. 
I was addicted to hokey pokey…but I turned myself around. 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. "
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays. 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest? "
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable. "
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends. 
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.' 
It’s brave to admit you have an STD. Always clap for those folks! 
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick.' 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints. 
"Dad, did you get a haircut?' 'No, I got them all cut!' "
"I’m starting a flight company exclusively for bald people, I’ll call it… Receding airlines. "
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.' 
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
How did the pirate get his ship so cheap? It was on sail.. 
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust. 
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 'I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.' The patient asks him, 'Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?' The doctor calmly looks at him and says, 'Nine.' "
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming. 
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed. "
What did Adam say to his GF on the 24th of December? It’s Christmas Eve. 
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?' 'In case they get a hole in one!' 
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
What did the DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat? ' 
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper. 
What did the zero say to the eight?' 'That belt looks good on you.' 
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. 
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, 'When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.' 'Oh yeah?' the son retorts. 'Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.' "
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. 
Did you hear about the nurse who was chewed out by the doctor because she was absent without gauze? 
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
"I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!"
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
"My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. ""Sure,"" I said. ""My door is always open."""
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
"""Did you get your haircut?"" No, I got them all cut."
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable."
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work."
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head."
"Clothes, but no cigar."
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner."
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
What do houses wear? An address.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
I wasn't going to get a brain transplant. But then I changed my mind.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
What did the llama say to his date? “Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.”
"What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume."
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
"What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom."
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. ""No,"" I said. ""It's to look at."""
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved."
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing."
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
What did the cow do when it ate a fish? It chewed the cod
[OC] Why are atomic clocks so funny? Perfect timing
What do you call a crab that doesn't share? A 'Shell Fish'
I just realised my new electric toothbrush is not waterproof I was shocked.
"I just farted on my wallet Now I have Gas Money! *Told to me by my 9 year old daughter,  who thought it's hilarious! (I agree lol)"
"My 105-year-old grandmother's favorite joke A bag boy is pushing a woman's groceries out to her car. She thinks he's kind of cute, so she taps him on the shoulder and whispers ""I have an itchy pussy.""He shrugs and says, ""Sorry, ma'am, all those Japanese cars look the same to me."""
"I recently decided to apply for Australian citizenship, and I was surprised at some of the questions they asked. Like, they asked if I had ever been convicted of a crime. I had no idea that was still a requirement."
"A Royal Dentist Joke Two peasants are having a chat and one says ""Why did the king go to the dentist's?""The other peasant, confused, says ""no I don't, please tell me""The first peasant then hits him with ""to get his teeth crowned!"""
Bill: I hope Hillary will have better interns in the Oval Office than I did. All of mine sucked.
What resolution do white supremacists prefer? 3K.
"Guy says to a girl on tinder “You can call me the GOAT” “Why? Cause you’re the greatest of all time?” “No, cause I’m gonna eat your bush”"
"Hey, I have a good joke Robinhood wants to file for IPO this year."
Why do the French eat snails? They don't like fast food.
"Today, my wife was told by the pediatrician that our 18 month old son isn’t talking much because he doesn’t want to. I could’ve told her that."
Mr. Potato Head will now be known as Mr. Potatx
"A judge was trying a man on the charge of shoplifting shirts and pants by wearing them out of the store. The judge saw the evidence and declared, ""Guilty! Case Clothed!"""
One for the software devs There are two eternal problems in traditional software engineering:1. Garbage collection2. Naming things3. Off-by-one errors
2019 is the first calendar year... Where the 24th was the end of May.
Why is summer a plastic surgeon's favorite season? It's a great time to make some mammories
Second Amendment The Second Amendment of the Constitution affords me the right to wear short sleeve shirts to work.  The right to bare arms.
"The interactive Netflix film Bandersnatch was so successful, they're creating another interactive film all about Donald Trump. It's called Grabbed-her-snatch."
"For the first time in history, a US president haven't grown old, gray haired and tired by the stressful tasks of his presidency ... ... Instead everyone else did."
What do printers eat on their toast? Paper jam.
Trumps so good at making jobs He even opened some up in Iran!
My thoughts and prayers go out for the Queen I heard she was a massive DMX fan
My neighbourhood barber just got arrested for selling drugs. I've been a customer for 6 years. I never knew he was a barber.
"True story. Chicago-area preschool teacher teaching remotely today because of the storms. Her dogs started barking like crazy, interrupting the Zoom. She looked out her window and told/apologized to the class that the shovelers were there. 4 year old classmate replies, “Wow, your shovelers sound like dogs!”Been laughing at that one all day."
"A man made a motorcycle completely out of wood It had a wooden engine, a wooden frame, wooden tires, wooden gas tank, everything was wood.But did he ride it?No, wooden start...."
Why do hot air ballons use burners and not steam? Because Fireflies and Waterfalls
"A man walks into an lift (elevator) He looks at the attractive woman inside and says, ""Can I smell your vagina?""Horrified, she moves away from him,""No, you can not!""""Oh ok, it must be your feet then"""
It's traditional to have have a salad on your wedding night. Lettuce be seen without dressing.
I want to start a cafe and fill it with surrealist paintings. I'll call it Salvador Deli.
Why couldn’t the dragon eat his birthday cake? He destroyed it while trying to blow out the candles.
"""Studnia"" is a Polish word referring to a shaft sunk into the ground used to obtain water (hopefully this translates well)"
What do trees feel in spring? Releaf.
"I met my wife at the zoo. The moment I saw her there, dressed head to toe in khaki and covered in animal shit, I knew she was a keeper."
What is the difference between a freshly made pizza and a hungry jungle tiger? One tastes delicious to you and you taste delicious to one.
"What did the greengrocer say when he sold his last onion? ""Thats shallot!"""
I went to the zoo and I saw the monkeys masturbating. I then saw the giraffes and I was still masturbating.
Who did The Fonz call when his motorcycle broke down on the way to Arnold's Drive-In? Triple Aaaaayyyyy!
"Men in black. After years of serving MIB, agent K, 69, found himself too old to deal with an alien drug lord. He decided to seek help from his younger self. Why did he travel to sixty years ago? K, 9."
What did the pickle say to the lemon? I relish our time togetherI'll see myself out
Didja hear about the two fat chicks flouting social distancing rules while going for a walk? They just wanted to flatten their curves.
Me and a couple of friends once played 'Message in a bottle' on the street on self made instruments and old metal bins for drums. But then The Police came.
"""A 45 minute nap should set me straight "" 8 hours later : wakes up as a gay"
The amount of advertising on social media is super surprising. What’s not surprising? How much money you can save with GEICO Renters Insurance.
My coach told me to bring out the tiger in me during our football game. I didn't want to waste any of my favorite frosted flakes cereal.
"If you tilt a Q-tip on it's side, It's no longer a Q-tip.It's askew-tip.>!Funniest joke I've ever come up with!<"
A woman crashed her car. She told the policeman the man she collided with was on his phone and drinking a can of beer. The policeman said he can do what he likes in his own living room.
What do Nazi's and baseballs have in common? Everyone cheers when you hit them with a bat.
Why did the Jedi cross the road? To get to the dark side.
How did ancient Grecians get memorialized? They had to urn it.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What vegetable is kind to everyone? The sweet potato.
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business.
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle.
Why was the dad sitting on a pack of playing cards? His kid asked him to sit on the deck.
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust. 
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball. 
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. 
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi. 
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker. 
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!' 
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore. 
How does a non-binary samurai kill people? They/Them. 
I had a fun childhood. My dad used to push me down the hill in old tires. They were Goodyears. 
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst. "
Why don’t restaurants serve noodles after 10:00 PM? It’s pasta bedtime. 
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? 'Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.' "
A steak pun is a rare medium done well. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Ayatollah. ' “Ayatollah who? ' “Ayatollah you already. ' "
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans. 
I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight. 
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.' 
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust. 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor. 
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids. 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
What's a robot's favorite snack?' 'Computer chips.' 
"I got hit in the head with a can of Diet Coke today. Don’t worry, I’m not hurt. It was a soft drink. "
Q: What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A: A large fortune. 
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.' 
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.' 
I was addicted to hokey pokey…but I turned myself around. 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system. 
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale. 
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.' "
What did Adam say to his GF on the 24th of December? It’s Christmas Eve. 
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!' 
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast. 
How do you get a blind person to see? Usually by boat. 
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a 'Get Well Soon' card. "
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes."
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
"Clothes, but no cigar."
I talked to a poet who only wrote about wells. His stuff was deep.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water."
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
If you’re up at night while the cows are asleep in the field that means it’s pasture bedtime.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"“What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.”"
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
"I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”"
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
"Son: Dad, can I watch the TV? Dad: Sure, just don’t turn it on."
"I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head."
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around."
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!"
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”"
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia Wants to Get to the Truth of the Khashoggi Murder He's hired OJ to track down the real killers.
What is green and quickly turns red if you push a button? A frog in a blender
Did you hear the one about the Butcher's pet pig? It didn't make the cut.
"A pirate with a steering wheel on his crotch walks into a bar When the bartender asks him why it’s there, the pirate replies, “Aargh, I don’t know, but it’s been drivin’ me nuts!”"
Why do birds always congregate on power wires? So they can hang out with their friends online.
What concert costs just 45 cents  50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
"I remember being a kid and my parents filling my head with nonsense, like Santa, the Easter bunny and the Tooth Fairy. Well now that I’m older I don’t fall for that rubbish anymore, thank God."
"A young man robbed a bank wearing a suit made of many mirrors, but he turned himself in after taking some time to reflect. Luckily, the judge was lenient... ...as he saw a lot of himself in the young man."
"Studies show that after being released from prison, women have a tendency to immediately begin menstruation. This is because a period comes at the end of a sentence."
"Grandma: What's the German guy who's hiding my medicine called? Grandson: Alzheimer's, Grandma, alzhemier's."
"My great grandfather, grandfather, and father were born without legs. I guess it runs in the- wait a minute"
"""Grandpa caught a virus yesterday while browsing the web at the nursing home.."" "".. apparently there were hot shingles in his area."""
I once pushed a guy off his bike I've since been banned from that gym
What is black and smokes and is attached to electrical wires? A bad electrician
"Wife told me she slept with 7 people before we met. I wouldn't mind, but I was only 20 minutes late."
"The biggest tragedy in Star Wars is their lack of information on one of their greatest unsung heroes. I mean, he brought the Rebels the plans for the second Death Star before he died, but that is all we know about Manny Bothans."
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
"Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes.... Large, small, circle, square, thin crust, deep dish, extra toppings...."
"My friend likes to make off-color jokes about environmental disasters, like the Exxon Valdez and the Deepwater Horizon accidents. He's so crude."
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
I can’t believe Comic Con 2020 got cancelled because of covid 19! It was the one group of people who were 100% guaranteed to wear masks.
"I had a troubled childhood, my parents never put a hand over my eyes when people were kissing on the television. They tried to push down my boner instead."
What’s the Republicans’ most hated Sesame Street character? The Count
The special kid was late to class today He cried after the teacher called him tardy
"What is the difference between a gun with a bent barrel and a constipated owl? One can shoot but not hit, and the other can hoot but not shit."
What is the most expensive video-streaming service at this time? College
My son told me he wanted to be an oyster shucker when he grew up. I was displeased with his shellfish ambition.
"When wearing a bikini, a woman reveals 90 % of her body Men are so polite that they only look at the covered part."
Heard about the Trump fruit salad? It's mostly orange 'm' peach.
Bought a litre and a half of White-Out/Tipp-Ex Big mistake
What’s Peter Pan’s favorite place to eat? Wendy’s
Sex after a blow up is meant to be the best... ... but I'm always out of breath.
"I had plenty of pimples as a kid. One day I fell asleep in the library. When I woke up, a blind man was reading my face."
"A policeman pulled me over on his motorcycle. I don't know why, I told him I was only borrowing it for 5 minutes."
"A guy goes to a five dollar lady of the night and he gets crabs. So the next day he goes back to complain.And the woman says, ""Hey, it was only five dollars. What did you expect, lobster?"""
I've been falling asleep listening to comedy specials and I don't think it's good for my health Because I keep feeling funny in the morning.
"On new years, 2019, i made a resolution to lose 10 kg by 2020. After months of hard work, blood, sweat, and tears, I can proudly say i only have 16 more kg to go"
They had no idea at the job that I was a total drunk Until I showed up sober one day
Did you guys hear about the fatal accident at the cheese factory? A photographer was photographing a group of tourists when a huge wheel of cheese fatally ran overhim.To be fair the entire group was yelling out CHEESE!!!
My friend laughed when I told him I could make an instrument sound better with fish. He didn’t laugh for long when he saw how I could tuna guitar.
"In the 1970s, as manager of Baskin Robbins', my mom was tasked to create new flavors related to Richard Nixon... Her choices, as she told me, were 'ImPeachments & Cream' and 'Watermelon-Gate' (as a sorbet).Both were denied. This is actually true."
Last night I dreamt I was eating a 15 pound marshmallow… I woke up this morning and I couldn’t find my pillow.
Why did the man ask his boss for more salad? He thought he was due a celery increase.
The golfer rewarded himself with new pants.. .. after he got a hole in one.
What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Drac Frost
"Spin the Bottle When I was a kid, all of us kids played 'Spin the bottle'. A girl would spin the bottle. If it pointed to you when it stopped, the girl could either kiss you or give you a penny.By the time I was 16, I owned my own house..."
"Did you know the 80's pop band ""A Flock of Seagulls"" is gaining alot of attention in the middle east? They're getting really popular in Pakistan, Afghanistan And Iran, I ran so far away!"
"I have a James Bond bank account It reads as follows, 0.07"
"I really hate it when beggars shake their coin jar at me I know you have more money than me, you don’t have to be a dick about it!"
"I call my toilet the oval office.. It's got a think tank, and a pipeline for delivering healthcare reform."
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!"
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded.
What do you call Batman when he's hurt? Bruised Wayne.
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
A steak pun is a rare medium done well.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
"Knock knock! Who's there? Boo. Boo who? Don't cry, I'm not that scary!"
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
Why was the Samsung phone's camera blurry? It had lost its contacts.
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up. 
"Can February March? No, but April May. "
Why do old plumbers only clean sewer lines during the day? 
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful. 
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue. 
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.' 
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan. 
I asked the librarian if books about paranoia were avaiable. 
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. "
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.' 
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them) 
"What did the ocean say to the beach?' 'Nothing, it just waved.' "
What do you call an obese psychic? A four-chin teller. 
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work. 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi. 
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough. 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
"My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean. "
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
"Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.' "
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen. 
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids. 
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean 
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door. 
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.' 
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. 
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree?' 'By its bark.' 
"Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere. "
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater. "
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we 'be positive,' but it’s just so hard without him. "
I’m really excited for the amateur autopsy club I just joined. Tuesday is open Mike night! 
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. 'You can't cut me down,' the tree complains. 'I’m a talking tree!' The man responds, 'You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.' "
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
What did the zero say to the eight?' 'That belt looks good on you.' 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.' 
What do you call a magician who loses his magic? Ian. 
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!' 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. 
"Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up."
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
It was an emotional wedding — even the cake was in tiers.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
"At the job interview, they asked me, “Where do you see yourself in five years?”"
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut."
I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday. I can’t wait to see his face light up when he opens it!
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump."
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
"What do you put on a lonely grilled cheese sandwich? Provolone, but only if you have it’s parmesan."
"Son: Dad, can I watch the TV? Dad: Sure, just don’t turn it on."
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around."
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
There's a new type of broom in stores. It's sweeping the nation!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it."
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, ""I always have a few Twix up my sleeve."""
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
"“I saw a 1,000-year-old oil stain; it was from ancient Greece.”"
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing."
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own set of scales.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
"I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”"
"Canada's worst air disaster occurred earlier this morning when a Cessna 152 (a small two-seater plane) crashed into a cemetery in central Newfoundland. Newfie search and rescue workers have recovered 825 bodies so far, and expect that number to climb as digging continues into the evening."
What did Shakespeare eat for lunch? Caesar salad.
Just been assaulted in a health food shop! Someone threw a massive bottle of cod liver oil tablets at me. Fortunately I only suffered super fish oil injuries.
"My frugal neighbor doesn't want to pay for an electrician to re-wire his house so he's going to try and do it himself. ""How hard can it be?"" he said. I think he's in for a shock."
My wife asked me what the price of lamb meat is. I told her I didn’t know much but... I know it ain’t sheep.
"Which instrument players are the sexiest? Violinists. No matter what, their G strings are always sharp af."
What form of art is very popular among college kids? Ramen doodles
How does Santa keep his bathroom so spotless & clean? He uses Comet.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye matey!
"I was going to eat a spaghetti squash... But then I thought, ""Nah, I butternut."""
I pushed a fan over It blew up
Why was the clam limping on Monday morning? Because he went clubbing at the weekend and pulled a mussel.
I just released a new fragrance Nobody in the car seemed to like it
"Q: What is the burning question on the mind of every dyslexic existentialist? A: ""Is there a dog?"""
Why are there no Walmart stores in Afghanistan? Because there's a target on every corner
"If a bank gets robbed by ghosts, then it’s a Polterheist."
I was that bad in geography That I couldn't even find the class.
Why do retail workers call rude and snotty customers “Karen”? Because they would lose their job if they called them a “Cunt”.
Why do the Ninja Turtles attack Shredder 4 on 1? Because their master is a rat.
A bartender walks into a joke writers convention. No joke.
I wanted to tell a geography joke... ...but you had to be there to understand.
Do you know what happened to the cow that was lifted into the air by a tornado? It was an udder disaster.
Two drunk men walk on a railway The first guy says: This stairs are neverending!Other guy: Don't worry there's the elevator comming!
Saw a really nice steam train today. I was chuffed.
A COVID nurse asked me ‘so sir when did you first begin to lose your sense of taste’ I replied ‘Hey! Riverdale is a good show’
"Doctor walks into a bank to make a deposit.... Teller says, “Can you sign the deposit slip please?”.Doctor reaches into his pocket and brings out a rectal thermometer.  He looks at it and then shakes his head.  “Aw crap” he says, “some asshole’s got my pen!”"
Why are Australians such confident baseball players? They’re always being told “good eye”Yes I realize this is stupid :)
"A monkey, chimp, gorilla and King Kong tries to take bananas from a coconut tree. Who will get it? Neither! Coconut trees don't grow bananas!"
"I finally got out of an abusive relationship I'm glad, my hands were starting to hurt!  ^(Source: SrGrafo stream musings)"
Can everyone who is here for the yodelling lessons... Please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue.
"My Uncle used to say, to get what you want, you need to be frank with people. If that doesn't work, don't be afraid to get curt with them. If that's still not working, try showing them your dick. Show them your impression of Dick Nixon, Everybody loves a good impression"
"With all the Mandalorian hype, I had asked my rich uncle for a first edition toy Yoda for Christmas But all he gave me was some junky old car."
"If women drink a glass of red wine, it increases the chance of a stroke. If she drinks the whole bottle, she might even give it a little suck."
Why do Irish love powers of 2? They love Dublin
"My favourite element in the periodic table is ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQSTUVWXYZ Or, as it's also known, R gone"
Did you hear about the tragic crash of the small plane into the cemetery? So far they've recovered 324 bodies.
"The head cook was also a proud linguist. He boasted to his team that he'd finally figured out that champagne and sugar are the only words that sound like ""sh"" without starting with ""sh"". The assistant hesitated for a moment then replied-...""Chef! Are you sure?"""
What do Smash Mouth do in Physics class? Sum bodies
My friend and I have started a business where we weigh tiny objects. It’s a small scale operation.
I locked myself out of my car next to an abortion clinic... It was really awkward asking them for a hanger
"One day, I was taking a selfie with a bear in the forest. An old man yelled at me 'what is this nonsense?'. I apologised, 'Bear with me'."
"What did one tire say to the other tire? I wheel-y like you.- LJ, age 7"
My new breast reduction clinic is called ... Tits for tats.
"What does it mean when a man is in your bed, gasping for breath and calling your name? You didn't hold down the pillow long enough."
Two criminals stole a calendar They got six months each
"I used to have an excessive amount of hair on my upper torso I’m sorry, I just had to get it off my chest"
"Two women were dressing in the locker room after their aerobics class when one noticed that the other was pulling on a pair of men's briefs. ""So when did you start wearing men's underwear?"" the first asked. ""Ever since my husband found a strangepair under the bed."""
How does a snail commit suicide? He looks into the socket.
What do you call an ape who has a fondness for brass woodwind instruments? A Saxquatch
"I like to think of myself as a bottle of fine wine I’m saving myself for another 10-15 years, but in reality I’ll probably wait too long, become funky, and just be left untouched until I’m thrown away"
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, ""I'm getting a divorce,"" she was the first one to like it."
I wasn't expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple.
"A scarecrow says, ""This job isn't for everyone, but hay, it's in my jeans."""
What's the difference between a dad joke and a bad joke? The direction the first letter faces.
How do you handle a fear of elevators? You take steps to avoid them.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
What happened to the couple who didn't pay their exorcist? Their house got repossessed.
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
I wasn't going to get a brain transplant. But then I changed my mind.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square. 
It’s because they can’t see sh!t at night. 
What is the opposite of ladies fingers? Mentos 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1. 
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
I had a fun childhood. My dad used to push me down the hill in old tires. They were Goodyears. 
I asked the librarian if books about paranoia were avaiable. 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. 
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down. 
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot. 
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. 
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi. 
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.' 
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.' 
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. 
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now. 
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
"What did the ocean say to the beach?' 'Nothing, it just waved.' "
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.' 
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere! 
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale. 
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!' 
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.' 
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck.  
 Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back. 
"Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.' "
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. "
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable. "
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue. 
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody. "
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer. 
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.' 
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
"Did you get your haircut?' No, I got them all cut. "
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
Where do boats go when they're sick?' 'To the boat doc.' 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
Where do terrorists go when they die? Everywhere. 
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square. 
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale. 
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!' "
"A turtle is crossing the road when he’s mugged by two snails. When the police ask him what happened, the shaken turtle replies, “I don’t know. It all happened so fast. ' "
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life."
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
"I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something."
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
Held a poker night where the buy in was a prime ribeye. I invited my brother but he said the steaks were too high.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide.
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed."
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
"What do you put on a lonely grilled cheese sandwich? Provolone, but only if you have it’s parmesan."
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”"
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
"You’re American when you go into the bathroom, and you’re American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you’re in there? European."
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Did you hear the story about the haunted lift? It really raised my spirits!
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut."
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light.
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say “cheese.”
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
"What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!"
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggy.
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?"
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
Have you heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mainly wrap.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “You know one would have been enough.”"
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
Today I learnt koala bears aren't actual bears. They're marsupials. I guess they don’t meet the koalafications.
I asked the butcher if he had any tripe. He gave me a box set of ‘Love Island’.
People say smoking will give you diseases But how can they say that when it cures salmon!!   (Lol im a smoking chef and when i heard this joke I coughed my lungs like i have the rona. Had to post it )
I don't like Fahrenheit. I don't like Celsius. I don't like Kelvin. I prefer to measure my degrees in Radians.
"I work at a crematorium, and recently received an unclaimed corpse that came with a note that read: inherited wealth—never worked a day in his life. So I cremated him, and put his ashes in an hour glass... he's been working ever since."
I made my first snowman today... It was so white it's already been nominated to Trump's Cabinet.
What do you call a iceberg in a ghost sheet? A polargeist
What do you call an all female team of film editors? The Splice Girls
Water is heavier than butane because... Butane is a lighter fluid.
I bought a wig for a dollar today It was a small price toupee.
I thought my mouse was dead. But it's alive and clicking.
Why don't trees talk? They don't like to dialogue.
"Nic Cage was a straight A highschool student but he slacked off one semester.When he got his report card, he shouted ""Bs! Not the Bs!"""
One of Santa's helpers and a football player on the defense together went on a rampage. It was elf and safety gone mad.
Community is the best sitcom Chang my mind
"As a kid I was told that, ""Every time you masturbate, God kills a kitten."" Also when I was a kid I was told by Bob Barker to, ""..help control the pet population.""I was raised to listen to my elders..."
"I need to brush up on my geography. The box my new TV came in said ""Built In Antenna."" I have no idea where Antenna is."
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What do you call a triangle that got OWNED? A rectangle.
What kind of dinosaur is best at seeing the future? A tarot-dactyl!
Why did the naughty child not get electrocuted when he stuck a fork in the socket? Because he was grounded!(I'll see myself out)
I just saw my stormtrooper girlfriend for the first time in 6 months. She said she missed me.
If Trump really wanted Hillary to be locked up... He should have just hired her!
Pravda news from April 27th 1986 Glorious Soviet technology allowed workers at Chernobyl power plant to complete five year plan of power production in mere five milliseconds.
"There is an owl among us.. Friend: Who?Me: Exactly, we have to be careful.. wait a second"
"During a discussion at Sunday school, a nun asks the children what they think God takes you by when you die. A kid responds, I think God takes you by your feet because.... ""I once walked into my parents room and my mom's feet were in the air and she was screaming, ""Oh God, I'm coming!!!"""
My girlfriend got her period in the middle of February. I guess that makes her My Bloody Valentine.
"Def Leopard is the safest band to air drum to while driving Because you can keep one hand on the steering wheel.Yeah, I know its Def Leppard, auto correct messed that up for me."
I opened a fresh loaf of bread and found a baseball card wedged between two slices. It was a Catcher in the Rye.
Why do golfers need two pairs of pants? In case they get a hole-in-one.
The other day I visited the thrift shop and picked up an old record album called ‘Sound of Wasps’. When I got home and played it I realised it didn’t sound anything like wasps! Turns out I’d been playing the Bee side.
Did you know people often call a group of multiple birds by certain names? People call a group of chickens a Brood.People call a group of Falcons a Cast.People call a group of Seagulls “Fuck You!”
I'm thinking of making a series of non-gloss self portrait dinner placemats I'll name it My Multitude of Matte Mats of Matt by Matt
What do you call an American who doesn't tip? Cheap. What do you call a Brit who doesn't tip?Creasp.
"Eddie Money, Eddie Rabbit, and Eddie Van Halen are all teaming up to make a new album! The first ever album brought to you by Ed, Edd, and Eddie."
When Santa enters a house to give stuff to kids he’s a hero and a amazingly kind man When I do it I get arrested for “trespassing” and “being a child predator”
"Don't give me excuses, I wrote the book on excuses! Well, I started to, I mean, Its hard, and I got a lot to do..."
Did you hear about the company's idea for a giant sandal? Turned out to be a massive flop.
Why do some coffins have pillows? They aint gonna wake up with a sore neck Thats like thinking about what college you want your unvaccinated kid to go to
Me and my brother have quite the connection together We're siamese twinsNote: I am actually not a siamese twin
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
They should make Star Trek toilet paper... ...so you can help wipe Klingons off Uranus.(been a while since this one's been around. Just heard it again today from my 5 year old niece)
What do you give a director who's broken their arm? A cast
"The Easter Bunny, Santa Claus, and the tooth fairy walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says “What is this, some kind of joke?”"
"When I met a girl I liked, I used to put all my favorite things about her surrounded by curly braces inside a Javascript file. I feel bad about it in hindsight. Now I know it's wrong to objectify women."
I can prove the Earth is flat But people always tell me my arguments keep doing roundabouts
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
"Ruth just dumped me. Told me I was too uptight. Well, now I'm Ruthless."
Ireland Did you hear about the Diseased Colony in Ireland that stole everyone's money?.......It was a Leper Con.
"My doctor was really impressed with the amount of hair I had on the scalp for my hair transplant However, he was a *bit* concerned that the scalp was not mine"
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back for seconds.
What's a crafty dancer's favorite hobby? Cutting a rug.
"What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!"
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Why did the stadium get so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop.
"What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. If the cow has no legs, then it's ground beef."
Why don't vampires attack Taylor Swift? She's got Bad Blood.
Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia.' Man: 'Wait! I can explain everything!' 
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.' 
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.' 
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear. 
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. "
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.' "
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.' 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
I used to hate facial hair…but then it grew on me. 
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family. 
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough. 
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!' 
What do you call a poor Santa Claus?' 'St. Nickel-less.' 
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
What is the scariest tree? BamBOO! 
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades. 
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.' 
How does a non-binary samurai kill people? They/Them. 
Why are piggy banks so wise?' 'They're filled with common cents.' 
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.' "
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.' 
"What's the best thing about Switzerland?' 'I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.' "
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. 
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.' 
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.' 
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.' 
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better. 
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.' 
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.' 
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?' 'Where's Pop Corn?' 
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, 'Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?' "
What did one wall say to the other?' 'I'll meet you at the corner.' 
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. 
"Can February March? No, but April May!' "
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it! "
What's brown and sticky? A stick. 
"Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother… Sudden Lee. "
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya! 
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.' 
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'What do you want?' The man says, 'Oh, just some fruit punch.' The bartender sighs and shakes his head, 'If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line.' The man looks around, but there is no punchline. "
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. 
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.' 
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!' 
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
"Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes."
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it."
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
"If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called."
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
Where do fish keep their money? In a river bank.
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
"This ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”"
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
Why did the thief take a shower before robbing the bank? He wanted to make a clean getaway.
Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
How do you spell “candy” with just two letters? C and Y.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
"My daughter just shrieked at me, “Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?” What an odd way to begin a conversation."
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist."
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
"A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest."
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein."
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner."
What do a sperm bank and Michael Jackson have in common? They both tell you to beat it.
What do you get when you cross a spider and a squirrel? A bug that will climb your leg and eat your nuts
I got home last night to find that all the windows and doors were open and everything was gone. What kind of monster would do this to an advent calendar!?
How did the butcher know he’d been handling too much organ meat. He felt offal.
Apparently Kraft are opening a new factory in the Holy Land. They're calling it . . . Cheeses of Nazareth.
I just made a bran cereal with edibles in it High 'n Fibre
"What T.V. Channel will never air the sitcom Scrubs? TLC; Because, they don’t want, no scrubs."
Why does texas have no power? Democrats stole the electrons.
"My name is Robert, but my friends call me Al... Alcoholic"
"I finally found the courage to tell my suitcases there will be no holiday abroad this year. Now, I'm dealing emotional baggage."
If you celebrate Star Wars Day too hard tonight... watch out for the revenge of the fifth.
"My wife has only one problem: she can't tell the difference between Geology and Geography Either way, she can still rock my world."
Train joke A friend of mine quit his job as a reporter and left the town by railway. It was an Ex-press train.
"A few puns I thought of while trying not to get out of bed What did the Alabama sister say to her sibling?""Cum at me bro"".\-Why did the wild fowl sneak into the girls washroom?He was a peeking duck\-What did the fruit farmer say when asked about his crops?""It's bananas""\... read more"
What do you call naked mannequin falling out of a window? An obscene clone fall.
A woman was accused of snorting a family members ashes. She snorted half a gran.
"First you forget names, then you forget faces. Next you forget to pull your zipper up and finally, you forget to pull it down."
"""Edward, I gave you scissors for hands, but don't let that define who you are"" Ok. BTW what's my last name?""Scissorhands"""
"[OC] Horoscope Compatibility As per your zodiac sign, the zodiac sign you are likely to be compatible with, is as follows :Aries - CancerTaurus - CancerGemini - CancerCancer - CancerLeo - CancerVirgo - CancerLibra - CancerScorpio - CancerSagittarius - Cance... read more"
"What did the Redditor say when the bombs he placed in the bank finally exploded? Woah, this blew up! Thanks for the gold!"
Why do women wear perfume and makeup? Because they're ugly and they stink *Shout outs to my neighbor's eight year old
We’re trying to come up with a plan to get my escaped helium balloon back. We’ve got some ideas. But it’s still up in the air.
What’s the difference between a jumper and a sweater? A sweater doesn’t go splat after falling 40 stories...
I discovered red crayons in my girlfriends nurse uniform. She said it's in case she has to draw blood.
What do you call a bone who thinks he is god? A blasfemur!
I've decided to pour a new foundation for my porch. I want to make concrete changes to my life.
"Investment question If a leopard and a cheetah both had companies, which stock should you buy? A: The leopard's, because cheetahs never prosper."
What's it called when a flower gives head? Floral.
What's Snoop Doggs favorite part of grilling? The sizzle.
"The police were called to a crime scene. They found a woman with a bloody golf club in her hand. Her husband, covered in blood, on the floor.She screamed ""My husband. What have I done?""Cop ""How many times did you hit him?Wife "" I don't remember. Put me down for a six"""
Santa Claus is near I can sense his presents
"My school had a mental health fair But I didn’t have any to give, so I didn’t bother going."
"Do you know the joke of little Jef in the bathroom? Me neither, the door was locked."
Bill Gates is the best person to deal with a pandemic He's been dealing with viruses since Windows 95
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
What do you call the french flag without any color? Still the french flag
What do you call a person who finishes last in medical school? Hopefully not my doctor
"U.S. singles may be bills, and Canadian singles may be coins... ...but Asian singles are in my area."
"A Hasidic man, with a long beard, payis, a kaftan (long black coat), and shtreiml (the traditional fur hat), walks into a bar with a multi-colored parrot on his shoulder. The bartender says: ""Where'd you get that?""The parrot replies: ""Brooklyn. There's thousands of them."""
my wife got mad at me after picking out baby names... she like it for the first week then it clicked for her... i said Peter Brian Johnson for a baby boy and Veronica Jessica Johnson for a baby girl...
My dad handed down to me a hereditary disease that causes diarrhea all the time. It runs in the jeans.
"I recently broke it off with a pair of conjoined twins. I said, ""It's not you, it's you."""
The amount of bad Covid-19 jokes being circulated is starting to reach alarming numbers... Some scientists suspect that it might be a pundemic.
My mom told me to load the dish washer. So I got her pregnant.
Did you hear about the two atomic bombs that got into an argument? They had a fallout.
"My Grandparents passed away together last night. He went peacefully in his sleep, but she was apparently distraught before dying, screaming and crying hysterically I guess we really should've taken away his license"
"Someone asked me if I'd ever given a sterile guy a blowjob, so I racked my brain trying to remember if I had. Alas, I just kept drawing blanks."
"Can you name the 3 NFL team's mascots that start with the letter ""F""? The Falcons, the Fourty-Niners and the F***ing Dolphins!"
"Today is 3 wks in quarantine w/o sugar. Walking 3 miles a day, no meat, dairy or flour! I feel great! No alcohol & vegan diet! A 2 hr home workout everyday. Lost 14 lbs & gained muscle mass! I have no idea whose tweet this is but I’m proud of them so I decided to copy & paste it!"
Why do bulls wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
"My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don't see the point."
I just had a near-sex experience. My wife flashed before my eyes.
How do you handle a fear of elevators? You take steps to avoid them.
How Do Fish Get High? Seaweed
What's a bad wizard's favorite computer program? Spell-check.
Did you hear the story about the haunted lift? It really raised my spirits!
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but graphing is where I draw the line."
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he's still making fun of me.
Why did Karen press Ctrl+Shift+Delete? Because she wanted to see the task manager. 
"It hurts me to say this, but … I have a sore throat. "
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
How do you make the number one disappear? You add “g' and it’s GONE 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday! 
"A couple of cups of yogurt walk into a country club. “We don’t serve your kind here, ' the bartender says. “Why not? ' one yogurt asks. “We’re cultured. ' "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder. 
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen. 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
"It hurts me to say this, but … I have a sore throat. "
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing. 
I finally got around to watching that documentary on clocks. It was about time. 
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. 'No,' I said. 'It's to look at.' "
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed. "
"My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. 'Sure,' I said. 'My door is always open.' "
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words! 
"What did the ocean say to the beach?' 'Nothing, it just waved.' "
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, 'I love you.' 'Is that you or the beer talking?' she asked. I answered, 'It’s me… talking to my beer.' "
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.' 
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.' 
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist. "
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the boat doc. 
Why do old plumbers only clean sewer lines during the day? 
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers! 
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 'I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.' The patient asks him, 'Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?' The doctor calmly looks at him and says, 'Nine.' "
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet. 
Why is it a bad idea to iron a four leaf clover? Because you shouldn’t press your luck! 
What's the best smelling insect?' 'A deodor-ant.' 
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now. "
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! 
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown. 
How does the moon cut his hair?' 'Eclipse it.' 
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend. "
What’s a horse’s number one priority when voting? The stable economy! 
"Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad. "
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist. "
What sound does a witch’s car make? Broom broom! 
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos. 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
"Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother… Sudden Lee. "
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we 'be positive,' but it’s just so hard without him. "
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
"I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head."
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash."
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
"What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
Which knight of the round table was the beefiest? Sir loin.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide.
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card.
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough."
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
“Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.”
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ""No, just leave it in the carton!"""
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
In the beef army there was a soldier who always snuck up on the enemy from the left or right. He was a flank steak.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
I decided to sell the vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust!
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein."
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved."
"What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume."
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now."
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey? A pouch potato.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
What’s a judge preferred breakfast? Oathmeal
What kind of breath mints do dyslexic military officers use? Tac-tics
I dreamt I was forced to work on a pirate ship. The captain was the supreme authority and only allowed males. Plus the only food allowed was potatoes. It was a dick tater ship.
"What did Slim Shady ask the class on his first day of teaching at music school? ""Hi kids, do you like violins?"""
Did you know you can't breath when you smile? Just kidding.  Just wanted to make you guys smile :)
What's green and goes to summer camp? A brussel scout!
"The other day I punched a white dude and got arrested for assault, Today I punched a black guy and got arrested for impersonating a police officer."
Why is height reduction surgery almost always a bad deal? Because you're guaranteed to get short-changed!
"I think I was hacked by russia Edit: I no hacked by Russia. The motherland do no such thing. Have good day.Edit 2: Thank for big silver neck coin, comrade. I appreciate."
"My homeboy got rear-ended on a motorcycle wearing a bright green shirt, with shiny red hair: It kind of makes sense.... It was hard to miss him"
How many Buzzfeed writers does it take to turn on an electric chair? Ten. But number four will shock you.
"What do you call a masterless, Italian Samurai? What do you call a masterless, Italian Samurai?Mac: a Ronin"
What is the difference between a Peach and a Orange? You can't imorange a Peach but you can impeach an Orange.
What kind of beer do Canadians get when they head towards the bathroom. IPA
Did you hear what that guy on the east coast said? I dont know either he wasn't pacific.
"birthday card I received from my brother...Forget about the past you can't change it, forget about the future, you can't predict it, forget about the present... I didn't get you one."
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist go to the bathroom? Because the 'P'  is silent.I work in mental health and a patient told me this one the other day
My girlfriend and I got in a car accident because she was giving me a blow job She probably shouldn’t have been driving
What do you call a health conscious cannibal? A humanitarian
"A company made toy Titanics, but they weren't meant to be used in bathtubs. They were made for the sink."
"I once turned down a farm job because it called for haulin’ oats. I told them, “I can’t go for that.”This is my friend’s joke - original, supposedly.  Posting it here for feedback."
What do you call a religious rabbit? A pray animal
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it. "
"My uncle spent £250,000 on a new limousine and later found out the price does not include a driver To think he spent all that money and has nothing to chauffeur it!"
What do you call a white drug abuser in america A politician
Why is height reduction surgery almost always a bad deal? Because you're guaranteed to get short-changed!
What kind of award did the dentist receive? A little plaque.
"If you live in Florida, make sure to take a black and white photo of the hurricane this weekend. I'm not exactly sure why, but I've heard a lot of buzz about a picture of Dorian, grey. People seem pretty wilde about it."
What is a ghosts favorite kind of dessert? What is a ghosts favorite kind of dessert?Boo-berry pie!
I was gonna tell you a joke about UDP... ...but you might not get it.
I always have heavy security at my far-left political rallies... It's dangerous to have unprotected sects.
"""The Daily Post wishes to apologise for a misprint in last Saturday's edition which described Major-General Sir John Simpkin as a 'bottle-scarred veteran' "". ""This should of course have read 'battle-scared' ""."
Hutterite Jokes How did the Hutterite man find his daughter in the woods?Quite satisfyingWhat do you call the sweat between two hutterites having sex?relative humidity
"Judge, ""on what grounds do you want a divorce?"" Husband ""my wife is out all night, every night! From bar to bar,  almost visits all the bars and pubs in town every fucking day!!""Judge  ""You mean to say she's severely Alcoholic and cheats on you everyday?""Husband  ""No, She's out looking for Me!!"""
What is 10 + velvet? Velveteen
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
My wife is always telling me I shouldn’t stick Q-tips so far in my ear At least that’s what I think she was saying
"Why do people say ""break a leg"" before an audition? It's so that they'll end up in a cast."
"I was at the park watching over my kid as he played when a lady sits next to the bench I’m on and looks at me suspiciously, then asks, “Which ones yours?”   Blinking, I replied, “I dunno, still choosing...”"
Just got back from my trip to Iran It was a blast!
"My dad always believed in learning things by doing them. So when I was a kid, he threw me in the lake...So that he could teach himself CPRCredit: Anthony Jeselnik"
50 Shades He slowly but firmly grabs my throat. I try to say goodbye and I choke. I try to walk away and I stumble...'- 50 Shades of Macy Gray.
"My mum said to me, ""can you please pass me a book mark?"" Absolutely broken.  25 years old and she doesn't know my name is Scott."
What is the difference between a sweater and a jumper? Sweaters are hoping someone will talk them down from the ledge.
My roommate keeps stealing my food so I ground up Pepper and made cupcakes with it. Pepper was a dumb thing to name his dog anyway.
"One day on Venus lasts 5,832 hours The same as one Monday on Earth"
When my kid asks how i survived WW3 id tell him this... Iran
"An English teacher asked her class to write an essay on what they'd do if they had a million dollars. 5 minutes before the bell, Bob handed in a blank sheet of paper. ""Bob!"" yelled the teacher. ""You've done nothing. Why?""""Because if I had a million dollars, that's exactly what I would do."""
Why don't eggs tell jokes  They'd crack each other up.
Why did a Duracell rabbit went to jail? It was charged with battery.
How well did I hang up that picture? I nailed it.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? If they fell forward they'd still be in the boat.
"My daughter just shrieked at me, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to a word I've said, have you?"" What an odd way to begin a conversation."
Why did the pirate walk the plank? His dog was back on land.
Why do vampires love baseball? They turn into bats every night.
Someone has glued my pack of cards together-I don't know how to deal with it.
Why was the broom late for work? It over-swept.
I tried watching The Neverending Story. Couldn't finish it.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
"I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden? "
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? 'Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.' "
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him. 
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.' "
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring. "
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. 
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left. 
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up. 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.' 
"Dad, did you get a haircut?' 'No, I got them all cut!' "
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! 
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. 
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line. 
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line. 
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.' 
Why are skeletons such bad liars? You can see right through them. 
It takes guts to be an organ donor. 
How do you make 7 even?' 'Take away the s.' 
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now. 
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.' 
It takes guts to be an organ donor. 
"A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here. ' "
What country's capital is growing the fastest?' 'Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.' 
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him. 
"Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas. "
It’s because they can’t see sh!t at night. 
"A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' "
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick. 
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help. 
Sore throats are a pain in the neck. 
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows. 
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?' 'Traffic jam.' 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
The guy who stole my diary died yesterday. My thoughts are with his family. 
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful! 
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words! 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate. 
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa. 
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie. 
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up. 
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
We all know about Murphy’s Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage. 
Shouldn’t the “roof ' of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? 
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. 
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.' 
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!' 
"What does a sprinter eat before a race?' 'Nothing, they fast!' "
"“I saw a 1,000-year-old oil stain; it was from ancient Greece.”"
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
"My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. ""Sure,"" I said. ""My door is always open."""
"As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “You know one would have been enough.”"
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
"I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet."
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
“Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.”
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic."
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time.
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
Careful how many corny jokes you tell. Someone may just call the crops!
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
"I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”"
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved."
"My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That's ridiculous, I didn't even know it was today!"
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
"I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking."
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
"A couple of hours after Trump approved ""offensive"" cyber strikes against Iran's missile systems, he is heard shouting at his generals Trump : WHAT DO YOU MEAN WE ARE NOT SENDING THE TROOPS????
General : But..But… sir, this is an attack via cyber space..
Trump : DO YOU THINK I AM THAT STUPID?? WHAT'S THE SPACE FORCE FOR THEN???"
Bro can you help me name these information pamphlets Brochure
What’s a ghosts favorite type of porn? Boo-kakke
"RIP to longtime ‘the Price is Right’ host Bob Barker He’s still alive, but he’s 95 years old, and I want my guess to be closest without going over."
"MY friend made a joke about the flooding of South Asia. I stopped him and sad: ""Too monsoon man."""
What did the stingy schizophrenic finally come to realize after years of therapy? That Sharon is Karen...
They named a new scent after the coronavirus It's called Leave Me The Far Cologne
School report. My teacher gave us an assignment to tell her our idols and then say what we would do if they walked in our house. I got off easy because I said Stephen Hawking.
"Boss shows up at a job site Boss: ""Bob where were you I've been looking for you since morning!!!!! It's lunch time already!!!!""Bob: ""Boss, a good employee is hard to find."""
At the doctor’s Doctor: It seems like your colon is unusually small.Me: How small are we talking?Doctor: It’s about half the normal size.Me: You mean..it’s a semi colon?
"Thanks to my internet service provider, I was finally able to read a book.... They had an outage"
"- I saw two men beating my mother in law - and you didn’t do anything?- nah, 3 people would be too many"
I'm attending a self-help group for compulsive talkers. It's called On and On Anon.
What do you call a mass murderer on a bike? A Cyclepath.
"Me and my best friend had an argument yesterday So, I stole his wheelchair because I was angry at him.You'll never guess who came crawling back"
A survey revealed that People who speak more than one language are considered more attractive. Unless that language is Klingon
Why can't French vineyards produce a good Port or Sherry? Because the French don't know how to fortify *anything*!
I read that a banana a day helps to keep your colon clean... I just wish they'd told me I was supposed to eat them...
I knew my mom was pissed when she cursed in a different language. Her sign language was on point.
What kind of dinosaur has a spike in his butt? A bronto-sore-ass!
"Want to know a fun fact about my social security number? It's long and unique, unlike my penis. But like my penis, has never been used by anyone else."
"Today I went for a walk with a beautiful woman Then she noticed me, so we went for a run"
Did you hear about the guy who got his face ripped off by a leopard? He's alt-right now.
What do you say to a Lady who's acting up while on her period? Please stop Ovary-acting [P.S.. i sure hope this hasn't been posted here before]
My uncle is such a great businessman that he made $6 million in profits this year He works in a non-profit organization
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party? Because he was a fungi.
Yo mamma so hairy She gotta comb her wrist to see what time it is
"I have green skin, a nose three times the size of the horn on my head, four brown teeth and my neck is covered in furry scales... what am I? Ugly."
"In Zack Snyders Justice League, Barry Allen breaks a window simply by touching it. This is because windows no longer supports Flash."
"Roses are red, violet's are blue When I listen to rock music. My neighbours do too."
How did a woman on death row pro long her execution? She couldn’t decide what to eat for her final meal
Why did the blonde tip toe near the medicine cabinet? Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills.
A man who lived by the sea grew a cucumber so large he was able to turn it into his house. One day a bad storm flooded the area with seawater and damged his home. Now he’s in a pickle.
"To the man in the wheel chair who stole my camouflage jacket, You can hide but you cant run."
"I really have no idea what carbon dating is... But, I'll try anything at this point."
"A poor man, a well off middle class man, and an extremely wealthy man in the 1% find themselves at the same event. The poor man and middle class man run into the wealthy man when they find out there's complimentary donuts and arrive to see him wrapping up 10 of the last 12 donuts and pocketing them As the wealthy man is leaving he walks up to the middle class guy, motions to the poor man and whispers in his ear:  ""watch out, he's trying to take your donut."
"I just got my annual prostate exam. My doctor has me drop my pants and place both my hands on the table. He gets behind me and does his inspection.The odd thing is though, both of his hands are always on the table too."
"Interviewer: So what are your strengths and weaknesses. Me: I have a decent sense of humor but my General Knowledge is not so good. Interviewer: Ok, then tell us a joke.Me: Knock Knock.Interviewer: Who?Me: 2nd US President.Interviewer: 2nd US President who?Me: Like I said, my General knowledge isn't good."
Nsfw What is a typical motto for a brothel? Customers always comes first.
What is this movie about? It is about  hours long.
Dad I was thinking Ahhh!!! So that's whats burning.
"Steve and John are watching the football when Johns dog starts licking its nuts. Steve says ""i wish I could do that"" To which John replies ""probably best to pat him first or he might bite ya"""
"Turns out, I’m allergic to latex … I learned that one the hard way"
I took a pole recently and turns out that 100% of people dont like it.. When their tent falls down...
"Did you know Steven Spielberg and John Williams play basketball together? He shoots, he scores!"
Did you hear about the boy who ate his alarm clock? Apparently it was really time consuming
What do you call summer camp for unvaccinated kids? Cemeteries.
"Good news! I've just inherited an estate from my great grandfather! Bad news, it's a 1975 Volvo..."
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
Who invented King Arthurs round table? Sir Cumference.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
Q: What does Jeff Bezos do before he goes to sleep? A: He puts his PJ-Amazon.
What kind of magic do cows believe in? Moodoo!
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I'll tell it to you later."
Did you hear the rumor about butter? I really shouldn't be spreading it.
What kind of magic do cows believe in? Moodoo!
What's the most detail-oriented ocean? The Pacific.
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down. 
What did the DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat? ' 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke. "
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer. 
"My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point. "
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. "
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. 
Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia.' Man: 'Wait! I can explain everything!' 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
"Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession. "
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen. 
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump. "
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed. 
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you. "
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?' 'A meltdown.' 
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted. 
"A son tells his father, 'I have an imaginary girlfriend.' The father sighs and says, 'You know, you could do better.' 'Thanks Dad,' the son says. 'That means a lot.' The father shakes his head and goes, 'I was talking to your girlfriend.' "
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.' 
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it. 
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.' 
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks. 
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! 
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands. 
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom! 
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown. 
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday! 
"I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but graphing is where I draw the line. "
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.' 
How does the moon cut his hair?' 'Eclipse it.' 
"A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people—the student, his mama, and his pauper. "
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful! 
A steak pun is a rare medium done well. 
What do you call a hot dog on wheels?' 'Fast food!' 
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?' 'They're both Paris sites.' 
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke. 
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming. 
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.' 
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?' 'Walking. JK! Rowling.'  
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest! 
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died. 
A steak pun is a rare medium done well. 
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty. 
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
"I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around."
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other 'Does this taste funny to you?
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
A policy officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other off.
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
"I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time."
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands."
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
It was an emotional wedding — even the cake was in tiers.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
"Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash."
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein."
"I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any."
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
I told my dad he had to quit smoking. When it came to his health we just couldn’t brisket.
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body."
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
"What is the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? One is a raving showman, the other is a shaving roman."
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
How do you spell “candy” with just two letters? C and Y.
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
"6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down."
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
"I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless."
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”"
"A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”"
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
"I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don't have the guts."
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
Apparently Kraft are opening a new factory in the Holy Land. They're calling it . . . Cheeses of Nazareth.
"I got a mail saying that I won 1 million dollars because I could read Maps backwards I thought to myself, ""Thats just Spam"""
"3"" , 6"", & 9"" are which Shakespeare plays? Much Ado About Nothing... As You Like It ...& Taming of the Shrew."
What's the difference between a viola and a trampoline? You take your shoes off before jumping on a trampoline.
What do you call a joke that makes no sense and has no effort? A cake day post.
Why does The Backstreet Boys make a bad cardiac specialist? Because they'll tell you it's nothing but a heartache
What do you call a mass murderer on a bike? A Cyclepath.
"I recently went to a coin factory... I was in awe at all of the machines and moving parts that filled the factory. At first, I didn't understand what was happening, but then it dawned on me. It all makes cents."
"My girlfriend has just told me, she thinks we'd have less arguments if I wasn't so pedantic. I told her, ""I think you mean fewer""."
How do hydrogen atoms find a new leader? They hold an *electron*.
"Dropped off a small meal to the lady next door with questionable morals. Let’s be kind to our neighbors, y’all. Just a little food for thot."
What do you call a dragon with no silver? a dron. dr**ag**on (science joke)
"Nurse: Doctor, what is the medicine on this prescription? I went to 50 pharmacies still couldn't find one. Doctor: I was just checking if my pen work's."
"What do you call the first episode of a TV series with a predominantly black cast? A pilot, you racist"
"I recently decided to apply for Australian citizenship, and I was surprised at some of the questions they asked. Like, they asked if I had ever been convicted of a crime. I had no idea that was still a requirement."
A good project manager makes updates. A bad project manager makes up dates.
Did you know that you can get a slice of lemon pie in cuba for $1.50 and in jamaica you can get key lime pie for $1.00? Those are the pie rates of the carribean.
Waiter: “And how would you like your steak prepared?” Me: “Guess”Waiter: “Medium rare?”Me: “Well done”Waiter: “Uhhh..”
"What's brown and sticky on the inside, brown and sticky on the outside? Any open jar of Marmite."
"What do you call a ""Grilled Cheese"" after a few days in the fridge? Chilled Grease"
What do you call a dinosaur fart? A blast from the past
Where do you find a Samurai who would give his life for you? on Oni Fans
"Mother In Law A husband and wife had a fight.Wife called her mom: He fought with me again, I am coming to stay with you.Mom: No dear, he must pay for his mistake. I am coming to stay with you!"
"Hugh Laurie just got his American citizenship! He now goes by ""Hugh Truck"""
Why don't they show vaginas in anime? Because then it would be a plot hole
"Larry La Prise, the creator of the hokey pokey died this week.... Every thing went well with the funeral except putting the body in the casketThey put the left leg in....And then the trouble started"
Why Did The Queen Wear Black Gloves To Princess Diana's Funeral? The white ones were covered in brake fluid.
"Honey, the salad tastes funny... Are you sure you washed the veggies? Of course I did! Can't you see the soap bubbles?"
"My Dad used to work with a man named Mr. Pigg. He had two beautiful daughters, which he named... Imma and Urra."
Isn’t it crazy every planet is named after a Greek God except for earth? It’s just named after that stuff on the ground. (Norm MacDonald)
Can everyone who is here for the yodelling lessons... Please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue.
Our Boss has locked all toilet paper away in the company safe. If you need to go to the toilet you have to get a dollar note from the cash register.
Israel Health minister who previously claimed that CORONA Virus is “divine punishment against homosexuality.” Has tested positive for the virus!!!
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.  It was pointless
"Bob gets home and tells his wife he just got a parking ticket for $2,000. She says “$2,000? Where the hell did you park?”“On a person.”"
"A trans woman complained about having her makeup done without her consent. ""I told him not to do it but he did anyway!""But the guy who did her makeup told his side of the story:""You DID consent. I asked if I could do it and your exact words were 'I'll pass, thanks.'"""
Whats the difference between a Chicago Bears fan and Marty McFly? Eventually Marty McFly stopped going back to 1985.
What do you get when you combine a kangaroo with a donkey? A Kick-Ass
I'm not saying it's a mistake letting my girlfriend control the thermostat... But two Hobbist just  showed up and threw a ring into our bedroom.
"Did you hear about the family who hired a moving van to move their other, smaller moving van? Yeah. There's a lot to unpack there."
"Everyone thinks lawyers are a bunch of sharks, rats and pit-bulls! But really, they're all liti-gators"
My father in law said he felt so lucky that his daughter met such a great guy. But that relationship didn't work out so she settled for me.
What do call a Cougar that has lost her hearing? A Def Leppard
A loaf of bread made an enemy of me. Now it's toast
How does Santa keep his bathroom so spotless & clean? He uses Comet.
"If Black Panther was a Pokemon, Ash would ask him... Wakanda Pokemon are you?"
"Rich people start their meals by saying ""Bless us oh Lord for these thine gifts..."" Poor people say ""Ramen."""
I picked up a hitchhiker last night He thanked me for picking him up but cautioned me that he could have been a serial killer and asked why I picked him up. I told him the chances of two serial killers being in the same car are minuscule.
Did you hear about the famous writer who turned out to be a fraud? His life had its prose and cons.
"A man walks up to me and says.. ..""Why are you making a fire around the pot of water you are in?""I say ""Sorry, just trying to build my self a-steam."""
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Frostbite.
What do owls say when they go trick or treating? Happy Owl-ween.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation for revenge. We'll see about that.
Why did the math teacher call her student average? She was being mean.
Sausage puns are the wurst.
What do you call Father Christmas in an orange suit? Fanta Claus.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets. "
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.' "
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. 
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you?' 'An iWitness.' "
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake. 
What do you call a flying priest? A bird of pray. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted. 
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards.ME: …And? 
What do you say to your sister when she’s crying? Are you having a Crisis? 
A steak pun is a rare medium done well. 
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. 
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries. 
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful! 
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!' 
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
What religion are crows? Birddism. 
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. 
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled? 
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs. 
"My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point. "
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s. 
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner. 
"I got hit in the head with a can of Diet Coke today. Don’t worry, I’m not hurt. It was a soft drink. "
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines. 
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something. 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable. 
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.' 
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family. 
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! 
How do you make the number one disappear? You add “g' and it’s GONE 
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!' 
"Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. "
"I was in a grocery store when a man started to throw cheese, butter and yoghurt at me. How Dairy! "
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we 'be positive,' but it’s just so hard without him. "
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.' 
Who is the most lonely billionaire? Alone musk. 
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
"Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas. "
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake. 
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation?' 'Times Square.' 
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!' 
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired! 
"I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden? "
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright."
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
A slice of apple pie costs $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
"My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That's ridiculous, I didn't even know it was today!"
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? It was outstanding in its field.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
What do astronauts eat for protein? Launch Meat.
Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
Held a poker night where the buy in was a prime ribeye. I invited my brother but he said the steaks were too high.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!"
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
What happened to the lost beef shipment? Nobody's herd.
"My wife said, “You weren’t even listening, were you?” And I thought, “that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.”"
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”"
People are making apocalypse joke like there is no tomorrow!
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
"6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down."
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. ""I never knew my real ladder.”"
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints.
How do you get an astronaut’s baby to stop crying? You rocket.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey? A pouch potato.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
Did you hear the story about the haunted lift? It really raised my spirits!
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay? A bagel
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints.
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
"How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor."
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now."
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!"
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!"
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
"What do you call a triangle with angles 42.0°, 69° and 69°? A Nice-osceles triangle."
What do you call a woman standing in the middle of a tennis court? Annette
"If 2020 was a math word problem: **If you're going down a river at 2 MPH and your canoe loses a wheel, how much pancake mix would you need to re-shingle your roof?**"
I've been seeing a light bulb sales girl lately... Her name is Ellie DeeShe really lights up my life
Scientists are saying that the capital of the Republic of Ireland has increased by a staggering 100%! It’s Dublin
"Which one doesn't belong: eggs, your wife, or a blow job? The blow job. You can beat your eggs and your wife but you can't beat a blow job."
Why can't you hear Michelle Pfeiffer use the restroom? Because her pee is silent.
Why did the black hole stop uploading to his YouTube channel He was void of ideas
What reward does a light rain get? A precipitation trophy
A cowboy ran out of food on the trail so he had to boil and eat his leather chaps. The next day he pooped his pants.
"I remember being a kid and my parents filling my head with nonsense, like Santa, the Easter bunny and the Tooth Fairy. Well now that I’m older I don’t fall for that rubbish anymore, thank God."
Why Won't Michigan Governor Rick Snyder Take Any Flint Tap Water With Him Overseas In Order To Stick To His Promise That He'd Drink It For A Full Month...? Because he can't get it through the airport metal detectors.
What happens when a fork and a spoon get into a fight? Civilwar!
"What’s long and hard, and hairy at one end? A toothbrush."
[Siri Beta] What do you get when you cross a kangaroo with an alien? A mars-upial
It’s significantly harder for athletes to perform in todays temperatures I’ve read in the newspaper that the Government has forbidden fans at sport events
"The cast of Star Wars VII just finished their first read through (spoilers) Mark Hamill pulled JJ Abrams to the side and said ""Can I have a word?"""
My New Year Resolution is to give up sexual innuendos; Which is going to be extremely hard...
I’m making a coat out of pancakes. I call it my flapjacket.
Why does the motorcycle get sad when shifting gears? Because the clutch is depressed
"Two rednecks watching a dog lick its balls... The first redneck says, ""I wish I could do that."" The second redneck says, ""I reckon that dog would bite you."""
My favorite part of the bible is when God gives everyone free will... &nbsp;  &nbsp;  ..and then he kills them all in a flood for not doing what he tells them.
My brother hasn't stopped staring through the window since the storm started I suppose I should let him in
My son got an F in his geography exam today. I sent him to his room but he ended up in the kitchen
"Ive heard so much about the Eye of the Tiger, But why does nobody talk about the other four letters?"
The Somalian Olympics team has just apologised The Somalian Olympics Team has just apologsied to the Olympic Committee after realising that sailing and shooting were 2 separate events!!
So Thanos is a farmer now... He must be really into crop dusting
"my mom's (first language is not English) has called Joe everything else but Biden Binder, Barner, Beener, Bruner, Bender. And bonus, Donald Drum."
"A police officer arrives at the scene of an accident, in which a car smashed into a tree. The cop rushes over to the vehicle and asks the driver, 'Are you seriously hurt?''How should I know?' the man answers, 'I'm not a lawyer!'"
I visited the National Air and Space Museum. I believe the title is misleading because it's actually full of stuff.
My favorite childhood memory was building sand castles with my grandpa. Then my mom hid the urn from me.
My biology teacher said there is no evolutionary advantage to blue eyes. She must have never heard of the holocaust.
"The earth travels through space at 660,000 miles per hour. And I get six points for going 33 in a 30 zone."
Why did the tired traveler go to Romania? So he could Bucharest.
What is Bob Marley called on a motorcycle? Bob Harley
Why was the snowman smiling? He could see the snowblower coming down the street
"Back in the 80's, Brian was walking in Belfast when he was accosted by a masked man, brandishing a gun The masked man asked ""Are you a Catholic or a Protestant""? Brian replied ""Neither, I'm an Atheist""The masked man was silent for a moment, then finally said:""Is that a Catholic Atheist or a Protestant Atheist""?"
Just finished my first shift at a can crushing factory. It was soda pressing.
Which dinosaur does the government of the People's Republic of China hate? Taiwanasaurus
"“It’s easy to stand in the crowd, but it takes courage to stand alone”, Mahatma Gandhi “It’s easy to stand alone but it takes courage to stand in a crowd” , Covid-19"
I was with a group of friends when one of them suggested we play Twister. This person knows I'm not a fan of Twister. I hate being put in an awkward position.
"My friend came back from the bathroom with wet hands. I noticed this. I said, “Wow it looks like you’ve washed your hands.” They say, “No, I just pissed on them so I can knock out two birds with one stone.”"
"What does a Japanese Soldier and a Actor have in common? When they get discovered, their career blows up."
What is the most expensive video-streaming service at this time? College
What do you call a sea cow in Seattle? A sea-cattle.I'm so sorry for the cringe...
Im sexually attracted to pillows I sleep with one every night
What is the deal with Egyptian pharaohs and people that eat beans? I hear they have a Tutankhamon
My wife has developed a fetish with salad items... Earlier today she spent an hour trying to force a lettuce into my ass.And that was just the tip of the iceburg
"My neighbour just banged on the wall at 4.20am, can you believe it!!? Luckilly I was still up playing music. He banged and shouted ' can we have a little respect please!'I shouted back..., 'I'm not a big Erasure fan, but ok this one's for you!'"
"A lonely, angry young man started to keep a spreadsheet of all the women who he thought had wronged him. It was the incel's Excel."
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
"A son tells his father, ""I have an imaginary girlfriend."" The father sighs and says, ""You know, you could do better."" ""Thanks Dad,"" the son says. ""That means a lot."" The father shakes his head and goes, ""I was talking to your girlfriend."""
Why is the hot pepper the nosiest vegetable? It can't help but get jalapno space.
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!
I just invented a car that runs on herbs... I think I invented thyme travel.
Q: Why are nurses always running out of red crayons? A: Because they often have to draw blood.
What was the most ground-breaking invention? A shovel.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
I'm friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don't know Y.
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle. 
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me! 
"I told him, 'I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.' "
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate. 
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something. 
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother. 
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them) 
How does a non-binary samurai kill people? They/Them. 
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know? 
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school. 
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.' "
What’s Whitney Houston’s favourite type of coordination? “Hand eeeeeyeeeee……' 
How does a non-binary samurai kill people? They/Them. 
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left. 
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys. 
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake. 
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. "
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.' 
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.' 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. "
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef? "
What do you call an obese psychic? A four-chin teller. 
What did one wall say to the other?' 'I'll meet you at the corner.' 
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable. 
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.' 
What do you call bears with no ears? B. 
Where do terrorists go when they die? Everywhere. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation?' 'Times Square.' 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
"A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, “What’s with the paper towel? ' The pirate says, “Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head! ' "
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador. 
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.' 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
"A son tells his father, 'I have an imaginary girlfriend.' The father sighs and says, 'You know, you could do better.' 'Thanks Dad,' the son says. 'That means a lot.' The father shakes his head and goes, 'I was talking to your girlfriend.' "
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them. "
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids. 
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel! 
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?' 'A satisfactory.' 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?' 'No, but I'll wrestle you for them.' "
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.' 
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician. 
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!' 
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.' 
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment. 
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know? 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it. "
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
"Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring."
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head."
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please."
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
"I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!"
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!"
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, ""That makes two of us."""
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
Did you hear about the hungry clock. It went back four seconds.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems."
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: 'sorry we don't serve food here'
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
"I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it."
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
Did you hear about the hungry clock. It went back four seconds.
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
It was an emotional wedding — even the cake was in tiers.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
Can I watch TV? Yes but don't turn it on.
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts.
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!"
"As a tennis ball falls off a table, a golf ball shouts a question, ""Are you going to be ok?"" The tennis ball replies, ""Of course.  I'll bounce back."""
What do you call the Kardashian family taking a swim in the ocean? pollution
What's the difference between jam and jelly? Senate Republicans can't jelly Judge Barrett onto the Supreme Court.
What do you call a disabled person on fire? Hot Wheels
Where do bad plates go to after they've broken? Helsinki
What do you call the moisture that forms between two lovers in Alabama? Relative Humidity
"People who vaccinate their kids are crazy! Hell no, I didn’t vaccinate my son! Are you out of your mind!? I had a doctor do it!"
"Rest In Peace, Larry Tesler r/jokes would be nowhere without you."
"When I was a kid my grandpa asked me when we drove past a cemetery “do you know how many people are dead in that cemetery?”, of course i said nope. Then he said All of them!"
What do you call a woman wearing nothing but whipped cream covering her private parts? Chantilly clad.
My six year old niece made up this joke. I think she may be a comedic prodigy. Why did the sweater go to boot camp?To warm up!
"Trump said global warming was a hoax and he could easily make temperatures ""the lowest ever recorded"" this summer. So he switched the US to Celsius."
"What do u give a dog that has high temperature? Mustard, it's the best thing for a hot dog"
Who does a squirrel go to for confession? >!A chip-monk!<
Was talking to the guy down the street and he said he’s got a stream that runs through his property but would really like a reservoir. I said “Well dam.”
"This building is so tall, that if you jumped off the roof... You would die of old age."
How do you organize an outer space party? You planet
"I told my drums, cymbals, xylophones, gongs, bells, and rattles players to play their part twice... ...but they didn't, so there are going to be re-percussions."
"Did you hear that Matthew McConaughey lost his left hand in a motorcycle accident? Now he's allright, allright, allright."
A legless crossdresser? Drag Queen
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear (yes i know my sense of humour is great)
How many mystery writers does it take to change a lightbulb? Two. One to screw it in most of the way and another to give it a surprise twist at the end.
The sheepshank is clearly superior to the fisherman's eye KNOT
"A wise man once said:""never trust atoms!"" ""They make up everything""I'll see my way out"
How do you live with a terminal disease? You don't.
"What do you call a drunk, dyslexic CD Floppy diks"
Was playing air drums to AC/DC the other day when I dropped my stick... ...had to switch to Def Leopard
"Everything in Florida is in the 80s The Temperature, the Humidity, the Average Age, and the IQ."
"Want to hear my pizza joke? Never mind, it's too cheesy."
Did you know: If you stacked every elephant on earth on top of each other... ...most of them would fall.
"My anti-vax sister wouldn’t let me take my niece trick-or-treating, even though she had the perfect Halloween costume. Stupid cemetery rules."
I don't know what animal the year 2020 is in the Chinese calendar but I'm pretty sure it has rabies.
What's the difference between a man with multiple stab wounds and a knife juggler? Practice.
I went to court after my pillow charged me with resisting a-rest I lost the case
What did the drug-addict writer say when his wife told him to come to bed? Let me finish this one line.
I invented a relish made out of my own cash. It's my main sauce of income.
What do you call the mass murder of Rednecks? The Hollercaust.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose
"Two redditors walk into a bar. ""Well technically,"" the first argues, ""it is a Pub since it serves food.""""Actually,"" the second says, ""it is a Saloon since it is a part of a hotel.""Neither remembers the point of this post."
"In the 1950's people were worried about having their homes wire-tapped. People today are are saying, Hey wire-tap what will the weather be like tomorrow?"
"What is the difference between a lentil and a chick pea? Well, for starters I would never pay $200 to have a lentil on my face."
What do you call a cub at it's smallest point? Bear minimum
"I was sitting in a bar one day and two women came in, talking in an interesting accent. So I said, ""Cool accent, are you two ladies from Ireland?"" One of them snarled at me, ""It's Wales, dumbo!"" So I corrected myself, ""Oh, right, so are you two whales from Ireland?"" That's about as far as I remember."
"Masturbation is the only thing not taxed, regulated or illegal Feel free to go fuck yourself"
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!  I can do it with my eyes closed!"
"Two men are lost in the desert when they spot a tree covered in bacon. One of the men exclaims ""a bacon tree! we're saved"". However as he rushes over to it he dies in a hail of bullets. It turns out that it wasn't a bacon tree, it was a ham bush."
"Sometime in the future, Canada will rule the earth. And then you’ll all be sorry."
What to use if you want to count the amount of meth grams in your body? Methmatics
A bank in my city recently caught fire and burned down Iv never seen that much toasted bread before
What did the other bugs call the bug who wanted to be an astronaut? A LUNAtick
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards. Me: ...And?
"Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn't too sure about that but I could do a wicked ""Bohemian Rhapsody."""
"I'd like to have kids one day. I don't think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
Why do smartphones ring? Because they can't talk.
What's a bad wizard's favorite computer program? Spell-check.
Kid: What's that? Dad: It's a henweigh. Kid: What's a henweigh? Dad: About two pounds.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she's standing.
What does a karate master get rewarded with while driving? A seat belt.
"What's Harry Potter's favorite way to get down a hill? Walking. JK, Rolling."
"Me: 'Dad, make me a sandwich!' Dad: 'Poof, You're a sandwich!'"""
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.' 
What religion are crows? Birddism. 
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know. 
When does a joke become a “dad joke? ' When it becomes apparent. 
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke. 
Steve Jobs would have made a better president than Donald Trump… But that’s comparing apples to oranges. 
"I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around. "
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something. 
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired! 
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? 
Which cat is the least loyal? A cheetah. 
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space. 
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!' 
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them! 
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. 
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore. 
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck. 
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya! 
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs. 
"My daughter just shrieked at me, 'Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?' What an odd way to begin a conversation. "
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic. "
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either. 
What sound does a witch’s car make? Broom broom! 
"Can February March? No, but April May! "
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes. 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
What did the big flower say to the tiny flower? “Hey there bud!' 
"I begin to read a horror novel in Braille. Something bad is about to happen, I can feel it. "
Shouldn’t the “roof ' of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? 
What do houses wear? An address. 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.' 
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut! 
Why is it a bad idea to iron a four leaf clover? Because you shouldn’t press your luck! 
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. 
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood. 
What did one wall say to the other?' 'I'll meet you at the corner.' 
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest? "
What do you call bears with no ears? B. 
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'' "
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out. 
How does a taco say grace?' 'Lettuce pray.' 
"I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once. "
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie? 
Why is it a bad idea to iron a four leaf clover? Because you shouldn’t press your luck! 
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know i wouldn't get a reaction.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peak-a-boo accident? To the I-C-U.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
What do you call a man wearing a rug on his head? Matt.
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
"When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…"
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
"This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode."
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
"What do you put on a lonely grilled cheese sandwich? Provolone, but only if you have it’s parmesan."
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
Careful how many corny jokes you tell. Someone may just call the crops!
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
What did the police officer say to the belly button? You're under a vest!
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me."
"A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest."
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
I tried to make up a joke about ghost but I couldn't. It had plenty of spirit but no body.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
"Me: “Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field.” Son: “So what?” Me: “It’s pasture bedtime.”"
What did the coffee report to the police  A mugging.
"If The Joke about r/Jokes is That All The Jokes are Stolen/Copy Pasted... Does that mean when you see a joke, you've already Reddit?"
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
Bubonic plague inflames your lymph nodes. But pneumonic plague helps you to remember things
A Wikipedia editor is pulled over for speeding \[citation needed\]
A lonely fisherman decided to use his internet instead of a regular fishing net. All he caught were catfish.
"Wow, I'm getting a $1200 check from the President I feel kind-of like Stormy Daniels.  ...well actually this check is for a future stimulus, Stormy's was a check for a past stimulus."
What is Mia Khalifa's favorite tv channel? BBC News
"A guy goes into a luncheonette and orders a hamburger and a hot dog. A few minutes later, the waitress puts a plate in front of him with an open bun on it, pulls a hamburger out of her armpit, and tosses it on the bun. The guy says, “What the hell was that all about?”She says, “I was just keeping it warm for you.”He says, “Cancel my hot dog.”"
I live in a house between a crack den and a brothel. I guess you could say i'm between a rock and a hard place.
"I asked a guy if he could do an imitation of a pheasant. He said, ""Sure, I'm game!""And that, Your Honour, is why I shot him.Credit to u/Bradders_Extreme123 ."
I came up with a hilarious joke about fermat But the margin was too small to contain it
Why is it easy to accidentally walk in on the White House Press Secretary while she is in the bathroom? The P is silent.
Just grabbed myself an early black friday deal - sleeping bag for only £30 No idea how to wake it up though...
How does a neckbeard serve the soup? With M'ladle
My father taught me 2 important rules for life 1. Never judge people based on stereotypes2. Never trust a Frenchman
"Wanda lost sight of her life after the events of Infinity War Thankfully, she fully recovered her vision."
Lately I've been getting turned on every time I see someone cut in two on my tv shows So yeah I guess I'm bisectual
If I had a dollar for every woman who's seen me naked... ...I could pay that fine I got for indecent exposure.
How often do scientists check the table of elements? Periodically
What did Austin Powers say when he visited the apiary? Oh bee HIVE!
"The day before our family holiday my little brother locked himself in his bedroom. I was worried, so I asked him what he was doing.He said, ""I'm packing.""""Fuck off,"" I replied. ""It's only about four inches."""
Robert Pattinson is an awful vampire It took him 11 years to figure out how to turn into a bat
What’s the most common form of birth control at Hogwart’s? *Coitus Interruptus*
What would Gandalf have said if The Lord of the Rings played in a supermarket instead of Middle-Earth? One ring to rule the mall.
How much should you tip your hitman? At least double what their employer paid.
A good farmer is not just good at what he does He’s the best in his field
"The year is 2100. Earth has been ravaged by a variety of natural and man-made disasters. All the flatlands are now seabeds after the ice caps have melted. Most of the planet's land is barren wasteland. Barely any oxygen is produced, and most animal life has died out. All you can hear is cockroaches and The Rolling Stones 2100 Tour."
"Did you hear about the CRAZY paved trail?... It's a ""Cycle-Path"""
"An old friend, now living in China, called me. I asked him how life is over there and if he's doing well. He said ""Ah well , you know. I can't complain""."
New England Patriots’ Robert Craft is charged with soliciting prostitution. He just wanted to show the masseuse where he wears his 6th super bowl ring.
what did the british guy say when he discovered that tea was first made in china? real tea is often disappointing repost because the first one had too many spelig misteks
"What do you call a masterless, Italian Samurai? What do you call a masterless, Italian Samurai?Mac: a Ronin"
"Ive heard so much about the Eye of the Tiger, But why does nobody talk about the other four letters?"
"I always take 40 or 50 lighters with me in a bag... Not because I'll need them, but you can always use a lighter bag when hiking.And I make sure it's not an odd number so that way it's even lighter."
"Caveman Shark Tank Guy who invented the wheel - alright this is gonna seem a little unorthodox, but just roll with itCaveman sharks - do what with itG - oh you'll see"
"I bought two hermit crabs I put them in the same small cage, are they still hermit crabs???"
"A blonde is being interviewed for a job. The interviewer says ""In our company, any employee may be selected at random for a drug test."" The blonde asks ""Do you have to study a lot for them?"""
Last time I was in jail I felt like a crop field in 1860 Cause I was being plowed by black guys all day long
"""Studnia"" is a Polish word referring to a shaft sunk into the ground used to obtain water (hopefully this translates well)"
"I baked a cake shaped like Canada, and offered my brother the Quebec slice.... but he's having Nunavut."
How did Christopher Marlowe keep his writing secret from the other prisoners when he went to jail? He separated the prose from the cons.
"Today, someone came into the shop I work in, walked up to me and yelled “I F-ED YOUR MOM!” After that, he ran outside. This was the 3rd time this month! I don’t know why my dad keeps doing this."
"How to deal with a toxic ex: 100% accuracy and scientifically proven to work. Whenever your ex says, ""You'll never find someone like me,"" the answer to that is, ""That's the point."""
How do crabs move from one person to the next? They use pubic transport
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
Why did the fork go to the party? It wanted to have a good tine.
Did you know? Did you know: A squirrel's brain actually increases in size during winter to remember where they buried their nuts....The technical term for it is post-nut clarity
That new program on netflix about subliminal persuasion and mind control is a load of boring shit. Turned it off after just five seasons.
"I found a genie in a bottle who granted me three wishes. Being selfless, I wished for world peace, reduce pollution and less traffic....Should’ve read the terms and conditions. My bad."
"The Lego shop reopens tomorrow, but I recommend avoiding it for the time being. People will be lined up for blocks."
Why couldn't the sesame seed get off the hill? It was on a roll.
"Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans."
What do you call a donkey with only three legs? A wonkey!
"What does ""Rockin' Robin"" do when she's bored? Tweet."
How does a non-binary samurai kill people? They/Them.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits!
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing. 
"There was once a king who was only 12 inches tall! Terrible king, but made a great ruler. "
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. 
What sound does a witch’s car make? Broom broom! 
My psychiatrist says I have an unhealthy obsession with revenge. We’ll see about that… 
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island. 
It’s brave to admit you have an STD. Always clap for those folks! 
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a 'Get Well Soon' card. "
"My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle. "
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable. "
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine. 
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it. 
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.' 
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin. 
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer! 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical. 
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump. "
I just got a promotion at the farm. I’m the new CIEIO. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?' 'They're both Paris sites.' 
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays. 
What happens to Jason Momoa once he dies? He becomes Jason Nomoa. 
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems. "
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.' 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. 
"Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach… ' "
"I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. "
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?' 'Pilgrims.' "
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands. 
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing. 
"Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark? ' I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian. "
Why are piggy banks so wise?' 'They're filled with common cents.' 
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up 
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch. 
What do you call Father Christmas in an orange suit? Fanta Claus. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!' "
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals! 
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!' "
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner. "
Whoever stole my depression medication: I hope you’re happy. 
What did one hat say to the other?' 'Stay here! I'm going on ahead.' 
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck. 
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot. 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.' 
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.' 
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
"I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it."
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside."
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though."
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a ""Get Well Soon"" card."
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
Did you hear about the king that went to the dentist? He needed to get crowns.
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
"I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant."
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
A slice of apple pie costs $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
"My dog is a genius. I asked him, ""What's two minus two?"" He said nothing."
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
"I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good."
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
"Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll."
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
"What is the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? One is a raving showman, the other is a shaving roman."
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
"What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!"
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
"We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story."
What did the late tomato say to the other tomatoes? Don't worry i'll ketchup.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Did you hear about the truck transporting steaks that got into a wreck? Some car T-Boned it.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
"I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice."
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!"
"""Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia."" Man: ""Wait! I can explain everything!"""
"“I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.”"
"The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers."
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut."
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
She said I won’t be able to make it.
Who's the fruitiest character in Star Wars? The Mangolorian.(Made up for an eight year old)
It’s strange disliking Chinese food while having an Asian Fetish I’d like to eat out Chinese but I hate eating out Chinese
"Man: Hello, is this hotel manager speaking? Manager: Yes. What happened Sir?Man: My wife is arguing with me and saying that she will jump out of the window.Manger : Sorry Sir, this is your personal issue, we cannot help.Man: I know, I know but I want help because the window is not opening."
"My doctor was really impressed with the amount of hair I had on the scalp for my hair transplant However, he was a *bit* concerned that the scalp was not mine"
"Dad, what is a cross-dresser? Ask your mother, he knows."
I’m a proud American! I bleed red white and blue because I can’t afford to go to the hospital and find out what the hell is wrong with me!
What do the Royal Family and Probability math equations have in common? They are not important and nobody cares about them.
"Dating a girl with an OnlyFans is a lot like having your own private, reserved parking spot. Anyone and everyone can see it, but only you actually get to use it."
"I may be biased, but I think blind people have the best observational humor. I guess I’m just a big fan of dark comedy."
I have a PhD Public Highschool Diploma
"You know those slices of American cheese you get from the supermarket? You're not going to be able to buy those anymore. Since Trump is going to make America grate again, apparently."
What’s a camels favourite meal? Desert.
A werewolf stenographer starts a YouTube channel from his post on a U-boat: Lychan Sub Scribe
What do you call a film director that has crabs? Alfred Itchcock
"If cartoon characters become real, who would attract most women? Pinocchio"
How do you reward a chicken journalist? With a poulette surprise!
Had to call the SWAT team for backup today... ... There was a fly in my car.
Why did Walter White take off his pants? He was worried they'd get methy.
What do you get when you mix a snowman with a vampire? frostbite!
"After seeing my new tattoo, my angered wife retaliated by getting a breast reduction... tit for tat."
Why did Jeffrey Dahmer keep a blender on his front porch? So he could greet visitors with a handshake.
I use my cell phone as an alarm clock. I call it Veriz'n shine..
"I think the hardest thing I've ever had to come to grips with is the fact that I'll never be witty. Well, that and my penis."
What is Michael Jackson's favorite lunchtime meal? Grilled Chee-heese
A farm was bombed and only one cow survived. All the udders died.
They don't make forks like they used to. Modern plastic ware makes me miss the good old tines.
"A biology teacher runs into a bank holding a flower. He says ""Everybody on the ground, I have a pistil!"""
I am a big fan of Fifty Cent. Or as we call him in Zimbabwe: **Ten Billions Dollars.**
So a pickpocket went to a nudist beach... He hated it
What do you call a wheel that you wear? A tire
Did you hear the story about the cow that appears to have 5 legs? It's a long tail.
"A English teacher has been sentenced to life without parole. The ex-teacher, seemingly unaware, asked the judge if that really was his sentence. The judge questioned why he would ask such a ridiculous question. “Well you see,” The English teacher explained. “‘Life without parole’ is a phrase.”"
"Choose a new password Choose a new password :potato Sorry, password must contain at least 8 letters. boiled potato Sorry, password must contain at least one number.1 boiled potato Sorry, password cannot contain spaces50fuckingboiledpotatoesSorry, password mu... read more"
Want to learn how to climb a flight of stairs? Just follow these ten simple steps!
Why was Hitler so surprised when he lost the war? Because he did Nazi it coming.
What do you call a entitled mother who's always out of her mind? Karenoid.
"The man was standing naked in front of the mirror, ""just 5 more centimeters... 5 more centimeters and I could've been the king"" From the door, his wife giggled. "" Just 5 less    centimeters  and you could've been the queen instead"""
What do you get when you cross an accountant with a giant jet airplane? A Boring 747
Fire alarms should just play Nickelback Anyone who stays in the building deserves what they get.
What did the vertebrae say when returning from vacation? I'm back!
"You’re traveling along the Oregon trail and you meet a man named Terry. One of your party members says, “I thought Terry was a woman’s name.”That party member immediately dies.What did they die from? Dysentery"
"My house was raided and the cops carted off books on algebra, trigonometry and calculus, plus dice and other probability-demo stuff. They said it was weapons of math instruction."
What did the Zucchini say when it got stepped on? *squash*
It turns out that it really would be a good idea to add Trump's face to mount Rushmore because of geology. It turns out the entire mountain is made of Schist.
It should be no surprise President Trump doesn't care about climate change He's always liked to fuck the younger generation
What do you get when you cross a rooster with an owl? A cock that stays up all night
"I thought I saw a Direwolf, but it turns out it was just a regular wolf. I can't believe I got the two confused, the differences are Stark."
What did the baseball glove say to the baseball? Nothing; baseball gloves can't talk.
The guy from the damn Daniel vine was arrested for kidnapping children. You could say that he was back at it again with the white vans.
"A one liner I thought up while watching Anthony Bourdain's new show... ""I've seen more crazy shit than Anthony Bourdain's ass hole."""
These are the hardest to pull off. You have to wait until the setup comes to you before you can strike.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
Where do monsters buy cookies? Ghoul scouts.
"My teachers told me I'd never amount to much since I procrastinate so much. I told them, ""Just you wait!"""
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
"When geese fly in V-formation, why is one side longer? There are more geese on that side."
What country's capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject. Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen.
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm. 
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake. 
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it. 
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.' 
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.' "
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021. 
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut! 
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation?' 'Times Square.' 
What crime do blacksmiths most commonly get charged with? Forgery. 
Did you hear about the french general who stepped on a landmine? Napoleon Blown Apart. 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
What do you call a pony with a sore throat?' 'A little hoarse.' 
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.' 
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it. 
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer! 
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?' 'A satisfactory.' 
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet. 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk! "
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them! 
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere! 
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help. 
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing. 
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. 
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
What’s Whitney Houston’s favourite type of coordination? “Hand eeeeeyeeeee……' 
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust. 
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom! 
"I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though. "
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner. "
"In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. "
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.' "
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa. 
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up. "
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it. 
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.' "
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. 
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!' 
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell. 
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line. 
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper. 
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you! 
I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer! 
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up. "
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!"
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst."
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
"I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old."
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body."
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
I told my dad he had to quit smoking. When it came to his health we just couldn’t brisket.
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
Have you heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mainly wrap.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
"I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now."
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands."
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
"One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”"
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What has five toes but isn't your foot? My foot.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What sort of room has no windows or doors? A mushroom!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
"“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”"
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
An invisible man married and invisable women. The kids were nothing to look at.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote control. I thought to myself 'well this changes everything'.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
"This ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”"
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
"Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump."
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
"My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers."
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
"When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates."
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
Why do dragons like knights? The come with their own pans.
"Did you hear about the blind man who refused to read a book? He said, ""I'm just not feeling it!"""
"New types of sliced loaf aren't invented, or discovered... They're bread."
"Walking down the road, I ran into a farmer's wife She was dragging along a huge barrel full of tomatoes. I said, ""Hey, what are you gonna do with all those tomatoes?"" The farmer's wife said, ""Well, we eat what we can. And what we can't, we can."""
"Son: Daddy, do trees poop? Father: Of course, That's how we get number 2 pencils."
What do you call a pig who just lost at a game of tug-of-war? Pulled pork
Why did the farmer stop stuffing goats into his truck? There was no more ruminant.
"My son can only see in shades of beige, Doctors have diagnosed him with colour-blandness."
I was passing gym class with flying colors until we got to the skiing unit. It was downhill from there.
I'd love to you a joke about Edward Elric... but it will cost an arm and a leg.
What’s the difference between school and prison? In school your afraid of the work that’s hard. In prison your afraid of the inmates that are hard.
I hate it when people outright copy and paste somebody's joke on Twitter and post it on a different social media platform. Retweet if you agree.
What is the angriest country? Ire-land
Governor of NYC Andrew Cuomo is starring in a New Sitcom Spinoff It will be called: How I killed your Grandmother
Why didn't the waffle go to the pancake party? He was a square.
Superman lost all of his money on a digital currency scheme It was his cryptonite.
Why can't most sharks and whales read? They are not part of a school
"So my niece asked me if they have to swim to get in the Navy. I couldn't figure it out, but I guessed she thought about it after my nephew declared that he was going into the Marines and stole her crayons."
Two friends met after a long time. First one said: my wife is an angle. Second one replied: You are very lucky man. Mine is still alive.
What happens when a fork and a spoon get into a fight? Civilwar!
A pillow warmer is a stupid idea… Use your head!
Best way to vaccinate the masses Train all of the Amazon drivers to give it. Everyone will have it by Saturday. Thursday if you have Prime.
Did you hear the NPR segment about how it’s rude to ask how heavy people are? “Weight? Weight!? Don’t tell me!”
"""Fifty Shades of Grey"" gives its readers unrealistic expectations. It makes them think that Vintage Books will publish anything that gets sent to them."
Salads are a lot like orgasms... They're always better when someone else makes them.
At the pearly gates Peter: It says here that you don't believe in life after deathAtheist: Didn't*
Our local cemetery is running out of spaces ... ...It’s a grave issue
"The pink, plastic birds that are popular lawn ornaments in Florida..... are they called, ""Placebo Flamingos""?"
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahahaha.
What's the biggest difference between a crayon and your ex? The crayon is non-toxic!
"Heard this sub has a lot of Star Trek fans. Did you guys know that to cut down on costs, a lot of the cast and crew camped outside in tents while filming the outdoor scenes in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Kahn? I just snagged one on eBay! Yeah, so anyways - I thought you guys would appreciate my original Kahn tent."
How many existancialists does it take to change a light bulb? Two.One to change the light bulb and one who observes how it symbolizes an incandescent beacon of subjectivity in another world of cosmic nothingness.
"The internet connection at my farm is really sketchy, so I moved the modem to the barn. Now I have stable wifi."
Why did the cucumber blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
A brittish boat is nearby a port in Germany and calls for help on the radio: -WE ARE SINKING! WE ARE SINKING!The german replies:-Wat are you sinking about?
I need to have at least one slice of toast on me at all times I’m lack toast intolerant
I failed my medical school entrance exam because of nerves. The correct answer was blood vessels.
What pollinated most of the world's crops and doesn't take any of the credit? A humblebee
"A teenage potato brings her boyfriend home to meet the parents. ""So, what do you do for work?"" asks the inquisitive father potato. “Oh, I work for a TV company as a sportscaster."" The father potato is furious and tells the boyfriend to leave immediately. “Why did you do that daddy?!” shrieks the distraught daughter, eyes wide.The father shouts, “I’m not having *my* daughter hanging around with a commentator!"""
Math is the language of science. f(u)√C + k / y(ø)*^(u)*
"A man was diagnosed as bipolar, without any sort of medical examination He was caught fucking a female polar bear and a male penguin."
"Russian literature is built on suffering. Either the character suffers, the author suffers, or the reader suffers. If all three are suffering, then it's considered a Russian masterpiece."
The Bengal Tiger is capable of jumping higher than an average two story colonial house. This is because of their powerful hind legs and the fact that the average 2 story colonial home can't jump very high.
"What did the tie say to the hat? I'll hang here, and you go on ahead."
"A man came up to me and said ""Man, your clothes look gay"". I said ""I know, they came out of the closet this morning""."
My wife has a sexual toy with animal armour on it It's an armadildo.
You wouldn't be able to be a comedian in space Because there is no atmosphere
What does Earth get on Earth day ? A birthday quake !
"I bought one of those memory foam pillows the other day... ... Uh, I forgot what I was going to say about that."
"I have a scary joke about math, but I'm 2 to say it."
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me.
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I'd rather keep it in the carton."
"What did the sapphire's best friend tell her? ""You're a real gem."""
What's it called when kittens get stuck in a tree? A cat-astrophe.
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
15 When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
Vin Diesel eats two meals a day. Breakfast and breakfurious.
Why do balloons hate Ed Sheeran concerts? They are afraid of pop music.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square. 
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them. 
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs. 
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear. 
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch. 
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!' 
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing. 
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.' 
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck. 
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now. "
"I was in a grocery store when a man started to throw cheese, butter and yoghurt at me. How Dairy! "
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards.ME: …And? 
What do clouds wear?' 'Thunderwear.' 
What’s a horse’s number one priority when voting? The stable economy! 
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays. 
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.' 
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base. 
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. "
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell-check. 
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family. 
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table. 
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
"I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden? "
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?' 'Yellow!' 
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot. 
I had a fun childhood. My dad used to push me down the hill in old tires. They were Goodyears. 
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight. 
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment. 
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?' "
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence. 
"Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable. "
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. 
I wasn’t expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple. 
"I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house… but the kids still get in. "
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!' 
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.' 
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet. 
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.' 
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse. 
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece. 
Shouldn’t the “roof ' of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? 
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. 
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. 
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I’m going on ahead. 
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
"I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs."
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
"Clothes, but no cigar."
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!"
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
"I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head."
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
"It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle."
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
"“What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.”"
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
"What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me."
"My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. ""She obviously has COVID,"" my wife said. ""Why?"" I asked. ""Because she has no taste."""
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
My neighbor got sued for a fire his grill started. He filed for an appeal when he lost and it ended up in a pellet court.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner."
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
"I used to be a banker, but I lost interest."
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, ""do you know how to drive this thing?"""
What did the blanket say to the bed? I’ve got you covered.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
"Clothes, but no cigar."
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra!
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!"
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
"I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”"
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
"I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess."
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list. Now I can't see anything.
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
"Son: Dad, can I watch the TV? Dad: Sure, just don’t turn it on."
"Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot."
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
What genre are national anthems? Country.
"Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean."
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
"If people from Utah are called Utahns, what are people from Tampa called? Floridians"
"China is already welcoming Biden China is already welcoming Biden.They have even named a central landmark in Beijing for Biden.""FOR BIDEN CITY!"""
"Both a surgeon and a tattoo artist have to have a steady hand, With the surgeon it's the difference between life and death, with the tattoo artist it's the difference between a beautiful mermaid and a fat bitch with an fish up her ass"
You wanna know what’s not illegal in California? Wildfires.
Did you hear the Port of Subs down the street burned down? They should have been a Firehouse Subs.
"There is an elephant and a giraffe in the bathroom The giraffe says ""pass the soap, please""And the elephant says ""no soap, radio!"""
"A man walked into a psychiatrist's office with a pancake on his head... ... a fried egg on each shoulder, and a piece of bacon over each ear.       ""What seems to be the problem?"" asked the psychiatrist.                        The man said: ""I'm worried about my brother."""
Why is every American receiving a $1200 check? Because Trump always pay off the people he's fucked.
"Trump wears so much makeup, I think he's hiding something And if his thick foundation is anything like mine, it's probably the bones of a half-dozen hookers."
What is common between Reddit and China? They both don't like opinions.
"We could use some George Carlin right about now. But then he'd would be saying ""I TOLD YOU SO!"""
What do Giraffes eat? Macaroni and leaves.
What do you call a Russian leaders coffin? A czarcophahus
Life vests no longer allowed on flights. Security specialists found out that they can blow up.
What do you call a rap battle event between lizards? A reptile diss function.
"There is an owl among us.. Friend: Who?Me: Exactly, we have to be careful.. wait a second"
What is a samurai’s favorite type of cheese? Sharp cheddar
"I was once photographed out partying whilst drunk, drugged up and looking very much worse for wear. The news media got hold of it and my picture was splashed across the tabloid papers with the headline ""The Terrifying Effects of Substance Abuse"". When I first saw it, I went home and had a long hard look at myself in The Mirror. And then in The Sun, The Daily Star and The Tribune. I thought to myself ""Now that's fucking Rock 'n' Roll"""
"My farmer friend used his stimulus to buy baby chickens. He got the money for nothing, and the chicks for free."
What’s worse than waking up to pee 30 minutes before your alarm goes off? Not waking up to pee.
What did the squash say to the cucumber when he saw the pumpkin patch get blown up? Oh My Gourd!
They say criminals always return to the scene of the crime. No wonder there are so many Australians in the UK.
What's the difference between your ..... Penis and a bonus check? Someone's always willing to blow your bonus.
I was recently on a charter flight with my hockey team where they seated you according to what position you play. Damn near froze to death on left wing.
"I daily observe a group of ladies sitting in the park Talking and Laughing Loudly. One day I observed all the ladies were silent. There must be some Serious issue or Incident Happened.So I went to a Lady and asked, ""Why everybody is Silent Today?""The Lady replied, ""All Are Present Today."""
What did the dairy farmers say when they saw godzilla? Muenster!!!
Don't be worried about your smartphone and television collecting your data... Your vacuum has been gathering dirt on you for YEARS now.
My running coach told me to increase the volume of my runs So I unplugged the headphones and played my music from the speakers instead.
"Did you hear about the beer made entirely out of rabbits, frogs and kangaroos? It’s mostly hops."
Why did the policeman go to the Lebanese restaurant? He was following up reports of a possible hummus side
"A new leaked government tape shows that a Mars rover saw some sort of feline life form on Mars. However, before they could get any more info, Curiosity killed the cat."
"I like to name my hotdog ""The Moment""... ...so I can relish it"
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None that's a hardware problem
"A man turns to his wife and says: ""Honey, pack your bags because I won the lottery."" She asks: ""Do I take summer clothes or winter clothes?""  He replies: ""Take it all, go away."""
I regret joining a band with a turkey on drums. He usually forgets his drumsticks so he has to wing it.
What is ISIS's favorite dinosaur? A terror-dactyl.
"Did you know the 80's pop band ""A Flock of Seagulls"" is gaining alot of attention in the middle east? They're getting really popular in Pakistan, Afghanistan And Iran, I ran so far away!"
I thought this sub could use a little more self-deprecating humor... ... too bad I suck at telling jokes.
What do you call a small pole that can swim? A tadpole
Building yachts I made a sailing boat in my attic/loft. Sales have gone through the roof
What did the grandpa say to his grandson right before he kicked the bucket? “Hey do you want to see how far I can kick this bucket?”
97.62% of the world's population has accepted climate change as a scientific fact. The rest of them are in North America.
What do you call an explosives specialist from Oklahoma? OK boomer
"Imagine you're stuck in the ocean, surrounded by sharks. What do you do to save your life? Stop imagining."
I went on a job interview for a security guard. After spending 12 hours in the waiting room... ...they hired me.
"Yankee candle, known for its fragranced candle line of products has revealed it is making an odourless candle for the first time ever It makes no scents"
My drug test came back negative. My dealer has some explaining to do.
My wife just accused me of having zero sense of empathy. I have no idea how she can feel that way.
"I’m American, and I’m sick of people saying America is “the stupidest country in the world.” Personally, I think Europe is the stupidest country in the world."
Strippers don’t have air conditioning in their homes. ............Onlyfans
What is it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials.
Why don't phones ever go hungry? They have plenty of apps to choose from.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
"Nothing's better than being 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43, 47, 53, 59, 61, 67, 71, 73, 79, 83, 89, or 97 years old. Those are the years you're in your prime."
"A girl came up to me and said she recognized me from her vegetarian restaurant. I was a bit confused, I'd never met herbivore."
"Without a doubt, my favorite Robin Williams movie is Mrs. Fire."
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
Why are bakers so rich? They make so much dough.
How do you get rid of demons? Exorcise a lot.
Why do Swedish warships have barcodes on them? So when they dock they can Scandinavian.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
When does a joke become a “dad joke? ' When it becomes apparent. 
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom! 
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1 
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. "
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’. 
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' "
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.' 
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a 'Get Well Soon' card. "
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well! 
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin. 
"One friend complained to another, 'All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.' 'If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?' asked the second friend. 'I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.' "
Who is the most lonely billionaire? Alone musk. 
The guy who stole my diary died yesterday. My thoughts are with his family. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me. 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints. 
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.' 
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys. 
"Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad. "
"Can February March? No, but April May. "
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore. 
What language do people speak in the middle of the earth? Core-ean 
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans. 
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste! 
I’m finally upgrading from 1080p to 4K in January. It’s my new years resolution. 
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning. "
How did the pirate get his ship so cheap? It was on sail.. 
Why do old plumbers only clean sewer lines during the day? 
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.' 
What’s a horse’s number one priority when voting? The stable economy! 
"Teacher: “There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool. ' Johnny: “So, what are the words? ' "
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable. 
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
"Lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. "
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust. 
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes. "
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!' "
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! 
What did the Japanese cannibal eat for dinner? Raw men 
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor. "
What do you call a flying priest? A bird of pray. 
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 'I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.' The patient asks him, 'Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?' The doctor calmly looks at him and says, 'Nine.' "
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
If you’re up at night while the cows are asleep in the field that means it’s pasture bedtime.
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
"Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?"
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
"We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story."
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
"I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!"
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
"A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”"
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
"I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking."
Did you hear about the king that went to the dentist? He needed to get crowns.
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
“Whoever stole my depression medication — I hope you’re happy now.”
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing."
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water."
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
"It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle."
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
"I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap."
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
"“What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.”"
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits.
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday. I can’t wait to see his face light up when he opens it!
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
"If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?"
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
"Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head."
I’m friends with almost all the letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know Y.
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
"Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!"
How do you measure the mass of an influencer's following? By Instagrams!
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word."
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
"You’re American when you go into the bathroom, and you’re American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you’re in there? European."
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
"I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a grape."
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
"I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it."
"I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. “Which ear is it?” he asked. “2018,” I replied."
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
MIlk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasterized before you even see it!
I wanted to invest some money into my uncle’s Indian restaurant He said: it’s naan of your business
I was reading a story about dragons the other day It just seemed to DRAG ON and on
"A woman sat down on a park bench, glanced around and decided to stretch out her legs on the seat and relax After a while, a beggar came up to her and said, ""Hello luv, how's about us going for a walk together?""""How dare you"", retorted the woman, ""I'm not some cheap pickup!""""Well then"", said the tramp, ""get the fuck out of my bed""."
[NSFW] long long size = 7; Int array[2];
Do you want to know how often i say element jokes? Periodically.
What’s an atom’s favorite salad topping? Croutons
What is scooby's favorite DBZ character Roku
Where do crabs store their money? In the sand bank.
What does one potato say to another when he’s horny? Wanna hash?
How do you catch a digital fish Online
Why did I get kicked out All I did was go to the bank and the woman in front of me asked me if I could check her balance its not my fault she banged her head after
"The WWE wrestlers Edge & Test were big back in their day, even had separate fanbases believe it or not, Edges fans were called ""Th Edge-ed Edgies""and Test fans were just a bunch of quality balls."
I was going to make a joke about lifting the mask mandate in Texas but it's too soon.
Why does a giraffe have a long neck? So it can reach it's head.
"I used to copy Mitch Hedberg jokes. I still do, but I used to, too."
Why is Ross from Friends always in the fountain in the intro? Because he’s a Schwimmer
"Today I learned that your surname denotes your ancestor's occupation like Baker, Mason, or Potter Someone definitely has to explain why our surname is Dickinson."
"Ted’s grandmother pulls him aside at his eighth birthday party and hands him a five-dollar bill. “Here, this is a little something extra from Grandma. But not a word of this to your brothers and sisters.”The boy looks at the bill and responds, ...""If you want me to stay quiet, it’s going to cost you a lot more.”"
What did the sharks say when he ate a clownfish? This tastes a little funny.My real intention here is to ask you guys for some help... I need a 30 second english jokes because it's a requirement for my subject. PLEASE HELP ME.
"Let's play strip poker. You can strip, and I'll poke you."
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Johnny Sins? Santa Claus comes once a year
I hear the weather in Saudi Arabia is very Sunni... But the weather in Iran is Shiite.
"Monday - Greg, Tuesday - Ian, Wednesday - Greg, Thursday - Ian, Friday - Greg, Saturday - Ian, Sunday - Greg The Gregorian calendar"
I found a way to save 27 million tons of paper per year I signed up for e-mail receipts at CVS
It's almost summer! Time for Americans to start getting bleach body ready
"A man named his children second, minute and hour, and thus he was nicknamed father time One day, they was all in their house and a robber burst through the front door and said, 'nobody move!' When recalling the event, second said, it was like time stood still'"
"Whenever I get jury duty, I never make it through jury selection After all, no one wants a hung jury"
I went to a expensive restaurant last night and I got a meal and a bottle of champagne for free. They do it for everyone who jumps out of the toilet window and runs off.
My asian aunt's quiet daughter is called Nosai Hai.I think thats a great shy niece name.
Beggar I saw a beggar sleeping in a tyre.  I punctured it  . Now he is staying in a flat.
Do you know how you beat shrines in Zelda: Breath of the Wild? Trials and errors.
How do I get to the top of r/jokes? Piece of cake.
Why do Jedi hate alarm clocks? Because of The Force Awakens.
"Judge: ""You have been found guilty of writing clickbait. You will be taken from here to a place of execution"" What happens next will shock you!"
"If you're looking for a relationship, become a roofer. You're bound to find hot shingles in your area"
What do you call a British bank robber? A quid-napper
"Everyone in our little town was shocked and horrified that the local butcher got busted for selling drugs. I had seen Pete once a week like clockwork for over a decade, never even knew he was a butcher."
Guess how i escaped Iraq.. IranSYRIASLY
"Two Chinese guys break into a distillery. One turns and says to the other,""Is this Whiskey?""The other one says ""Yes, but notas Whiskey as wobbing a bank,!!"
Just stole a freshly baked loaf of bread. Call that a hot take.
"What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? ""Supplies!"""
What is DJ Khaled's favorite number? Eleven. Because it's a 1. And another 1.
"What do you call a gorilla with a banana in each ear ? Whatever you want, he can't hear you.."
Did you hear about the farmer that called his herd of pigs and ended up being trampled? Was the first report of sooey-cide in the whole state.
I let my daughter touch a fork for the first time. Where she put it was shocking.
The medical examiner’s office was told to reduce their budget. So they had to start cutting coroners
Did you know Ronnie Pickering invented the giraffe? He got into an argument with a horse and uppercutted it
"While leaving a grocery store, a customer dropped a bag of flour. A Scout ran to pick it up.“Don’t bother, young man,” said the customer. “It’s self-rising.”"
"Arguing with strangers online is like wrestling sharks Even if you win, it was a really stupid thing to do."
"I was reading a book when my 5yo cousin asked ""why is that book so thick?"" Then i told him ""its a long story"""
How did ancient Grecians get memorialized? They had to urn it.
What is it called when Silver Surfer and Iron Man team up? Alloys.
What do you call Bill Gates when he's flying? A Bill-in-air.
"I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find was 401 matches..."
What do you call the horse that lives next door? A neigh-bor.
"Have you heard the joke about the butter? I better not tell you, it might spread!"
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn't work.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique weapons collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns!
What's the king of all school supplies? The ruler.
Why don't mummies take time off work? They're afraid to unwind.
Why are skeletons such bad liars? You can see right through them. 
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool. 
"Clothes, but no cigar."
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!' 
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y. 
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?' 'No, I don't think they'll fit me.' "
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing. "
"Q: If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? A: Missile toe. "
"Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems. "
"Can February March? No, but April May!' "
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef? "
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore. 
"Dad, did you get a haircut?' 'No, I got them all cut!' "
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now. 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!' "
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. 
"Can February March? No, but April May!' "
What’s the least spoken language in the world? Sign language. 
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.' 
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! 
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! "
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! 
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key. 
What did the zero say to the eight?' 'That belt looks good on you.' 
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left. 
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. 
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? 'Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.' "
Why does Sherlock Holmes love Mexican restaurants? They give him good case ideas. 
"I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house… but the kids still get in. "
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.' "
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. 
I just got a promotion at the farm. I’m the new CIEIO. 
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.' 
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March. 
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece. 
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?' 'No, but I'll wrestle you for them.' "
Where do boats go when they're sick?' 'To the boat doc.' 
"If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes. "
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves. 
What do you call a poor Santa Claus?' 'St. Nickel-less.' 
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross. 
"One friend complained to another, 'All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.' 'If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?' asked the second friend. 'I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.' "
She was pretty mad when I only picked seven up 
I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. Thats how I lost my job as a bus driver. 
What has more letters than the alphabet?' 'The post office!' 
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? 'Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.' "
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. 
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
Why did the thief take a shower before robbing the bank? He wanted to make a clean getaway.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please."
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing."
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
How do you measure the mass of an influencer's following? By Instagrams!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”"
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey? A pouch potato.
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
"You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you."
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”"
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
"I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn't concentrate."
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
"My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him."
"The past, present and future walked into a bar. It was tense."
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
"My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. ""I never knew my real ladder.”"
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
"Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend."
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
"Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up."
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
"I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring."
"Me: “Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field.” Son: “So what?” Me: “It’s pasture bedtime.”"
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, “Is it to scale?” I replied, “No… It’s to look at”"
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
"I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable."
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor."
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a ""Get Well Soon"" card."
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
"When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…"
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
Have you heard of the new sport called Quiet Tennis”? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic."
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, “Is it to scale?” I replied, “No… It’s to look at”"
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
What do houses wear? An address.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
"Have you heard the joke about the butter? I better not tell you, it might spread!"
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
"My Dad used to work with a man named Mr. Pigg. He had two beautiful daughters, which he named... Imma and Urra."
"Only in England. £800 fine if you are caught at a house party during lock-down.But reduced to £400 if paid early.If you catch covid at the party, the government willgive you £500 to stay at home.That's £100 profit.This country is absolutely fucked."
"Why do the Japanese hate Christmas? Because the last time a Fat Man came to town, they lost half their population."
I once saw a ghost made of chocolate and vanilla Ice creamed
"Guy tells the talent agent, ""My dog can talk."" Talent agent: ""Prove it.""Guy, to dog: ""How does sandpaper feel?""Dog: *Rough, rough!*Guy: ""What's on top of a house?""Dog: *Roof, roof!*Guy: ""Who was the greatest Yankee ever?""Dog: *Ruth, Ruth!*Talent agent throws them out of his office.D... read more"
Rick Astley doesn't mind lending out his Disney movies... But he's never gonna give you Up.
It was 11 years ago today that my pal Joey came running out of that room shouting “it’s a boy” “it’s a boy” with tears streaming down his face. We never went back to Thailand.
I had to see a psychiatrist recently after becoming obsessed with a specific shade of purple Apparently I’m Plum Crazy
"A naked man arrives at a costume party with a girl on his back. ""I'm a turtle"", he says.""Oh... who's on your back?""""That's Michelle"", he replies."
What did the well-intended but lazy pimp tweet out after a hurricane? “I’m sending my thots and prayers.”
"Prince Philip meets Diana in heaven So Prince Philip enters the pearly gates and one of the first people he sees is Diana - whom he notoriously didn't like.""Hello my dear, what a lovely halo you have,"" he says.""Fuck off Philip, you know it's a steering wheel."""
"So my friend told me I had a really bad sense of direction the other day I hate to admit it, but he was left"
"I heard Macy's is selling this new perfume that has that ""new Tesla smell"" They're calling it 'Elon Musk'."
I got a tattoo of a gong Because I heard it's cool to get a tattoo of a Chinese cymbal
What do you call walking trails behind a mental facility? Psycho-paths
I am dating this half korean chick I am dating this half korean chick Her mom is korean And her dad is korean But her legs got ripped of in a car accident
"My wife told me I have a terrible sense of direction I said, “where did that come from?"""
"If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks It cost me an arm and a leg!"
"During a business meeting yesterday, someone asked me about my background. So I told him about my education, career, family, hopes and dreams. Turns out he was asking about what was behind me on our Zoom call."
I don't like over confident people Edit: Thanks for the silver!Edit2: thanks for the gold!Edit3: thanks for the platinum!Edit4: thanks guys! I never expected this post to blow up like it did!!Edit5: thanks for the argentinium!Edit6: thanks for the ternium!
"So my niece ask me where babies come from, I told her that they come from the stork She then looked at me puzzled and asked, ""who fucked the stork."""
Did u hear about the cow that jumped over a barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction
"A businesswoman from Connecticut has a meeting in Alabama. Her meeting done, she stops at a local bar for a quick drink.Her bartender, noting her northern accent, says ""Yew shore talk purty. Whar did you go to school?""She smiles and says, ""Yale.""He says, ""YEW SHORE TALK PURTY. WHAR DID YOU GO TO SCHOOL?"""
"I found out my wife was having an affair with the butcher. I walked into his shop and said to him, ""Who told you you could sleep with my wife?"" He said, ""Everybody.""Rodney Dangerfield"
"I entered a competition to see who could put on the most items of clothing in a minute. I was in the lead, but right at the last second, my opponent managed to throw something around his neck and draw level. It was a tie."
I always tip my waiter. He always looks so surprised when he hits the floor.
"My local library refuses to stock how-to books about suicide. They used to, but the decent ones were never returned."
A policeman just knocked on my door and said my dogs were chasing people on bikes My dogs don't even own bikes
I said to my wife “You are my drug” She said:  “Oh wow is it because you can’t get enough of me?”I replied:  “No because you cost so much money and you’re ruining my life”
I was going to make a Star Wars joke today... But I didn't want to fourth it.
"I will not drown if i ever stuck in floods, Guess why? Because I am dead inside."
"Robert died... He was working on the local brewery and fell inside the beer tank, drowning. It is believed he didn't suffer as  footage shows him leaving the tank twice to take a leak."
Why did Calvin’s dad insist that Calvin play D&D? It builds character
Why can't most sharks and whales read? They are not part of a school
"A policeman stops a prostitute that was working on the streets ""Aren't you thinking what would your mother says if she sees you doing it on the streets?""Until the woman responded: ""Hit me without a doubt because this is her alley"""
Saw an old lady sitting alone in her front yard; in a canoe. I thought to myself... Now there's someone who could use a good paddle.
"Dickens: I wrote a book about ghosts **Publisher:** we need a christmas book**Dickens:** *[adding, like, 4 words]* I wrote a book about christmas ghosts"
Why was the journalist crumpled up on the office floor in tears? Because the editor removed his colon.
"A polar cub goes to its mom. \- Mom, is dad a polar bear?\- Yes, my darling.\- Is uncle Jim a polar bear?\- Yes, son.\- What about aunt Cindy?\- Yes, she is a polar bear too.\- Grandpa? Is grandpa a polar bear?\- Yes. Grandpa is a polar bear. Same with grandma.\- A... read more"
"Jay Leno went to Morgan Freeman’s house and had a lot of drinks. Leno suddenly started to urinate on Freeman’s carpet. Freeman was furious and ran after him as he kept on urinating. The banker next door saw the whole thing and decided to start a bank... Kids, that is the true story of how Jay-pee-Morgan-chase was named"
"Surgeon: “Just relax, Michael. It’s just a small surgery.” Patient: “My name isn’t Michael.”Surgeon: “I know, my name is Michael.”"
Why can’t Karens get anything done on a Windows computer? They keep summoning the Task Manager(Sorry: this came to my mind as I was getting frustrated with my slow computer)
What do farmers wear? Crop-tops!
"""You just need to relax Steve, it's just a minor surgery, it happens everyday with no issues"" the surgeon said The patient replies ""But my name isn't Steve""Nervously, the surgeon replies ""But my name is"""
Why was the 89 degree angle not trusted He's never right
"I ran into a dwarf today with my shopping cart. I said “Oh man, are you okay?!” He said “I’m not happy!” I said “Well which one are ya then?!”"
The best bakers use real butter so . . . . there is no margarine for error.
"Every 4th of July, America sends Britain a locket with a little tiny picture of the United States in it. They want to remind the crown that America is still... (•_•)( •_•)>⌐■-■ (⌐■_■)In *da* pendent"
"Gorillas see us how we see aliens, skinnier, smarter, less hair Or you might call them Asians"
Two sharks are eating a clown One says to the other “does this taste funny to you?”
What do you call someone who dresses up like a noodle? An impasta!
How much do roofs cost? Nothing. They're on the house!
"What goes hahahaha' right before a gigantic crash, but keeps laughing? A monster laughing its head off."
What do ghosts love to drink? Ghoul Aid.
What did the full glass say to the empty glass? You look drunk.
Why were Dracula's pancakes so terrible? He got turned into bat-ter.
"I've got a great pizza joke for you. Nevermind, it's too cheesy."
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!!
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie. 
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this 
"I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me. "
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust. 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints. 
"A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people—the student, his mama, and his pauper. "
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watch dogs. 
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off. 
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom! 
What do you say to your sister when she’s crying? Are you having a Crisis? 
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine. 
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!' 
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?' 'You follow the fresh prints.' 
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? 'Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.' "
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key. 
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning. 
What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise? LMAYO. 
Why does Sherlock Holmes love Mexican restaurants? They give him good case ideas. 
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?' 'A satisfactory.' 
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it. "
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog. 
Q: How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? A: Eclipse it 
Did you know that bees are actually allergic to pollen? They break out in hives. 
"If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning. "
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space. 
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. 'I want to meet my biological parents,' the son demands. 'We are your biological parents,' the father responds. 'Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.' "
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
"My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle. "
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. 
"How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh?' 'Nothing, it's on the house.' "
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs. 
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.' 
Thinking of having my ashes stored in a glass urn. Remains to be seen. 
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows. 
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word. "
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked 'Bohemian Rhapsody.' 
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space. 
What did the DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat? ' 
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1 
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough. "
"I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel. "
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired! 
Why are skeletons such bad liars? You can see right through them. 
"How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner. "
"My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle. "
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me. 
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast. 
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!' 
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.' 
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth. He said it was acci-dental.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally."
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
"You can't spell par entry without ""try."""
"I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing."
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
"In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke."
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart."
"I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head."
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
"My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic."
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
"A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”"
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
A slice of apple pie costs $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
"What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!"
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
"I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!"
Why did the man get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
"6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down."
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
"""I'll call you later."" Don't call me later, call me Dad."
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
"“I saw a 1,000-year-old oil stain; it was from ancient Greece.”"
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
"What is the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? One is a raving showman, the other is a shaving roman."
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
"My wife says nothing rhymes with “orange.” And I said, “No, it doesn’t!”"
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
There’s a disease that makes you uncontrollably tell airport jokes. No cure… it’s terminal.
"What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus."
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
"What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me."
"We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story."
"What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom."
In the beef army there was a soldier who always snuck up on the enemy from the left or right. He was a flank steak.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
"Sometimes I like to wind down the windows of my car, and sing at the top of my lungs to strangers walking by. I was never meant to be a hearse driver."
I can't wear any clothes with a crocodile on them because I get an allergic reaction. I'm Lacoste intolerant.
A giraffe walks into a bar Giraffes aren’t good at playing limbo
Drake visits a town famous for exporting coal... He wanders around for an hour or so but leaves disappointed as he couldn't find all the minors he had heard about.
"I couldn't remember what the brown rough stuff was on the outside layer of tree trunks... I asked my cat and she said, ""Meow"". No help.I asked my bird and he said, ""Tweet"". Useless.I asked my dog and they said ""Rhytidome, you buffoon."""
What's the seven dwarf's nickname for snow white? Heigh Ho.
"Two Blonde Girls chatting. Blonde 1: I understand how you get Bob from Robert& Bill from William, but how do you get Dick from Richard?Blonde 2: Show him your Pussy....."
"My friend was upset to find out my percussion instrument liked both males and females. I replied ""mate, just let bi-gongs be bi-gongs""."
A bank in my city recently caught fire and burned down Iv never seen that much toasted bread before
I tried making pancakes... But I ended up with flapjacks instead. I guess I used too much synonym
What do you call a band of owls? The Hoo
My friends secretly downloaded a 700MB exe file into my laptop. I think it's a huge setup.
"Instead of water, I put redbull in the the back of my coffee maker this morning I was halfway to work before I realized I forgot my car."
"After World War 2, France seriously considered changing its name. Unfortunately Iran was already taken."
I wanted to tell a joke about soup kitchens. But it was in poor taste.
What's the best angle to approach any problem? The TRYangle.
"I asked a cop, ""You know what my toddler's favourite type of scotch is?"" He frowned. ""What is it?""""Hopscotch,"" I replied."
"There's shop in the mall selling ice picks, knives, leather gloves, shovels, brass knuckles, ropes, and women's stockings It was called ""Accessories To The Crime"""
What do you call an artist who loves making stew? Stewart.
Why do TV-detectives hate round buildings? The solution is always right around the corner.
"You're lost in the middle of the woods at night, alone. The sky is cloudy, there are no trails, no map, no cell phone and no GPS. No sign of a city in any direction. How do you get back to civilization? You tell an old joke out loud, wait a couple of minutes and follow any of the angry redditors shouting ""repost!"" back to civilization."
Why are there no school shootings in Afghanistan? America already bombed the schools.
"What’s the difference between a sperm bank and a regular bank? After you make a deposit at the sperm bank, you lose interest."
"I was meeting my future father in law for the first time... He asked me, ""Are you here for my daughter's hand?"" In the interest of being honest, I replied, ""I'm mostly interested in her vagina."" He was taken aback so I quickly added, ""but in a pinch her hand'll do the job."""
"Last night in jail, they gave us mint chocolates for dessert. I thought they'd be be gross, but they were actually pretty good. Turns out... That in-prison mint isn't as bad as I expected!"
"Johnny was looking out the window, straining his eyes... trying to read a billboard a half mile away.  When his friend asked him what he was doing, Johnny said, ""my mom says I can only go out and play if I have super vision""."
Women are like numbers If they are under 18 just do them in your head
One of Santa's helpers and a football player on the defense together went on a rampage. It was elf and safety gone mad.
How do cannibals freshen their breath? Men toes.
Which rapper has the worst perfume? 50 scent.
What do you call someone who is fluent in 3 languages and marginally conversant in 4th? Pi-Lingual.
The guy who invented velcro shoes thought to himself 'Why knot?'
My local hair dresser just got charged with drug dealing. I am shocked. I've been a customer of his for years. He never told me he cut hair.
Why is the white guy the scariest guy in prison? Cause you know he is actually guilty.
"A man brings some flowers home to his wife. She’s so surprised by his romantic gesture that she lays back on the dining table, throws her legs in the air and spreads them. Her husband confused looks down and goes, “What’s that for?""His wife replies, “For the flowers of course.""He thinks for a moment and asks, “Don’t we have a vase?"""
"Two elderly ladies were sitting around complaining about things. Mertle: ""I can't stand when people shorten names that don't make sense.  I mean, I get Bob from Robert and Dave from David, but how do you get Dick from Richard?""  Edna:  ""If you ask him nicely."""
"I went into a bar and said to the bartender, “Surprise me...” So he showed me a naked picture of my wife. ~Rodney Dangerfield"
"One day, a zookeeper is walking around the zoo when he sees a man throwing $20 bills into all the exhibits he passes. ""Why are you throwing money into those cages?"" asks the zookeeper.""Because that sign says it's okay,"" says the man, pointing to a sign.The zookeeper looks up at the sign. It says, ""Do not feed animals. $20 fine."""
"Two atoms are talking and one says ""I think I lost an electron."" The other atom says ""Are you sure?"" The first atom replys ""Yes, I'm positive!"""
You see each country has its own currency In the US they have the dollarIn the UK they have the pound In the EU they have the euroIn Australia they have toilet paper
The leper was upset at the expensive ambulance ride to the hospital It cost him an arm and a leg
"How is working at McDonald’s like being an archaeologist in Athens? Either way, you end up smelling like ancient grease."
my wife got mad at me after picking out baby names... she like it for the first week then it clicked for her... i said Peter Brian Johnson for a baby boy and Veronica Jessica Johnson for a baby girl...
Did you hear about the circus fire  It was in tents.
"Johnny and Ruth are mountain biking down a hill... ...Ruth hits a tree.  Johnny continues, ruthlessly."
"On the first day of my flying lessons, I looked down nervously and asked my copilot, “What are all these buttons for?” He said, “Those are to keep your shirt closed.”"
"A man walks into a Halloween party wearing nothing but his underpants and has a woman stuck on his back His friends see him and ask ""What are you supposed to be?""""A turtle"" the man replied""What? How is that a turtle? and why is there a woman on your back? the friends ask""Oh, thats just Michelle"""
Where did Saddam Hussein keep his CDs? In Iraq
A man asks to his wife: why are you ironing the bra's if nothing is behind it? A man asks to his wife: why are you ironing the bra's if nothing is in it?The woman answers: i also iron your underpants right?
What do you call a company that sells makeup? A foundation.
"""I'll call you later."" ""Don't call me later, call me Dad."""
"Q: Did you hear about the square that got into a car accident? A: Yeah, now he's a rect-angle!"
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down!
What is a skeleton's favourite drink? A full-bodied wine.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why should you never mention the number 288? It's two gross.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What lights up a soccer stadium? A soccer match.
What did the vampire say when she saw her reflection? Time to get a new mirror.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater."
"My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it. "
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around. 
What do you call a zombie who cooks stir fries? Dead man wok-ing 
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. 
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.' "
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. "
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.' 
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.' 
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it. "
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there. "
Where do math teachers go on vacation?' 'Times Square.' 
Where do terrorists go when they die? Everywhere. 
"My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a 'Get Well Soon' card. "
"Can February March? No, but April May! "
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.' "
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either. 
Which cat is the least loyal? A cheetah. 
When my wife is depressed I let her color in my tattoos. She just wants a shoulder to crayon. 
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. 'No,' I said. 'It's to look at.' "
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!' 
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. 
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. 
The guy who stole my diary died yesterday. My thoughts are with his family. 
Did you hear about the nurse who was chewed out by the doctor because she was absent without gauze? 
"She looked up and whispered, “They’re right behind you'. "
Why haven’t aliens visited our Solar System yet? They looked at the reviews… only 1 star! 
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. 
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'' "
Doctor: I think your DNA is backwards.ME: …And? 
"During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them. "
"I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. "
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it. 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
It’s brave to admit you have an STD. Always clap for those folks! 
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet. 
What’s brown and sticky? A stick. 
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. 
What's brown and sticky? A stick. 
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.' 
"Dad, did you get a haircut?' 'No, I got them all cut!' "
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa! 
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.' "
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
"A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people—the student, his mama, and his pauper. "
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world. 
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi. 
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, ‘Sorry, we don’t serve food here.’ "
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
"My daughter just shrieked at me, “Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?” What an odd way to begin a conversation."
"I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."
"A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, “For my first wish, I’d like to be rich.” “Okay, Rich,” said the genie. “What would you like for your second wish?”"
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
 A Central European trampolining team has recently gone bankrupt. They were bouncing Czechs.
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
"How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while."
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
"I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find."
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!"
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
"When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime."
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
I haven’t talked to my wife in a week — I didn’t want to interrupt her.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
"I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa."
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday. I can’t wait to see his face light up when he opens it!
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
“I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.”
"“I saw a 1,000-year-old oil stain; it was from ancient Greece.”"
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say “cheese.”
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
What did the pepperoni say walking out of the hospital? I’m cured!
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater."
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose.
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
"“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun."
My wife and I let astrology get between us. It Taurus apart.
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
"Son: Dad, can I watch the TV? Dad: Sure, just don’t turn it on."
"My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return."
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
What did the late tomato say to the other tomatoes? Don't worry i'll ketchup.
"I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any."
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
My wife just completed a 40 week bodybuilding program this morning. It's a girl and weighs 7lbs 12 oz.
"What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish."
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
What happened to the dating slices of bread that disappeared overnight? Turns out they e-loafed! I hope they grow mold together.
"Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time"
"My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!"
"If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?"
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
"""Did you get your haircut?"" No, I got them all cut."
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere."
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims."
"Masturbation hurts. Signed, Edward Scissorhands"
Why did the Tortoise's wife leave him for the Rabbit? Real men come second.
"If olive oil is made from olives and coconut oil is made from coconut what is baby oil made from? Mineral oil, Aloe Vera Extract, Vitamin E, Fragrance and false advertising."
"Someone once asked me ""What's your favourite shade?"" I said it was kind of a grey area"
Two cowboys are stranded in the desert... One cowboy sees a tree covered in bacon in the distance. He gets all excited and runs towards the bacon tree... As he reaches the bacon tree he gets shot to death. It turns out it wasn't a bacon tree... It was a hambush
What do you call a whale without underpants? Free Willy
"My grandma and I were face timing with a bad connection So she says, ""hold on, let me open the door to let some WiFi's in.""True stories can be jokes too.."
"Where do toy stores keep the Arnold Schwarzenegger action figures? Aisle B, back."
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
"Jesus turns up at a stoning. And asks what the person is getting stoned for. “Adultery” is the response from the crowd. Jesus replied “let he who is without sin cast the first stone.”A voice from the crowd replied “for fucks sake Jesus, you always want to go first!”"
"I've been spending the vast majority of my time completely alone over the last 4 months... I don't think I'm going crazy, but my imaginary friend tells me I may have a drinking problem."
So I was going down on my grandmother and I tasted horse cum. Then I had a thought... what if that's how she died?
"Whenever I get jury duty, I never make it through jury selection After all, no one wants a hung jury"
You can be your own secret santa! All you need is ambien and amazon.
"The other day I saw an event a local church was having at a dispensary where they were giving away donuts and spreading the Word of God They called it Glaze It, Blaze It, and Praise It"
"My dad played basketball for Penn State! My bad, I meant state pen."
What do you call a a really good fisherman A master-baiter
Why did the German soldier help the wounded puppy? Because he was a veteran Aryan
"Do you know what the President said to Michelle when he proposed? I don't wanna be Obama self.P.S. I know, it was super cheesy."
"I got a job crafting toy models of the dwarves from Snow White. The pay sucks, but I'm not lying when I tell people I make seven figures."
"Today is 3 wks in quarantine w/o sugar. Walking 3 miles a day, no meat, dairy or flour! I feel great! No alcohol & vegan diet! A 2 hr home workout everyday. Lost 14 lbs & gained muscle mass! I have no idea whose tweet this is but I’m proud of them so I decided to copy & paste it!"
"Party games are so different in the Star Wars galaxy... For example on Earth you bob for apples, but on Tatooine you Bib Fortuna."
What gaming projectile was thrown by John Barrowman’s “Doctor Who” character to pass the time while he was traveling along the Congo River? The Dart of Harkness.
My wife makes a great stew Really gonna miss her though.
I found out my girlfriend is really a ghost. I had my suspicions the moment she walked through the door.
I dreamt I was forced to work on a pirate ship. The captain was the supreme authority and only allowed males. Plus the only food allowed was potatoes. It was a dick tater ship.
"A bride brought an AK-47 to her wedding, hoping no one would realize that she was dangerous. She was a veiled threat."
A joke I thought up while dreaming last night: Why do criminals hate coins? Because half of them are coppers.
Why is turtle wax so expensive? Because they only have little ears.
Why do they play baseball games at night? Because the bats are asleep during the day.
"Back in the days, I'd only take just $1 with me to the supermarket and came back with 3 bottles of soda and 2 bags of crisps But these days, there are surveillance cameras everywhere"
"It turns out, 'Fox News' has no actual coverage of foxes. I was also disappointed by BBC news."
"How do drummers ask if they can take a break? It’s quite simple“Hey, you guys think we can work on stairway to heaven for a bit?”"
Why were there so many paintings of knights fighting snails in the Middle Ages??? Because centipedes would be too fast to fight.
How large is a squirrels home? Approximately 4 squirrel feet
"Old witch: “You won’t take the entry-level wizarding jobs that are available, you spend all your money on eye of newt and you think every little spell you cast deserves some kind of participation goblet.” Ok Broomer."
"A man in a hurry goes to a diner and ordered a pancake He asked, “Will it be long?”The cook replied, “No, it’ll be round.”"
"A man filled his a mine cart with fresh ore and pushed it out of the cave After a long day of work, he decided to play some sports with his friends. There was an accident, which caused the man to die.This shows that miner errors can have huge consequences."
My mother does unspeakable things at the beach. She sells sea-shells on the seashore.
Why did the letter arrive wet? Because it had postage dew.
My friends and I had a competition to see what the most difficult to put on accessory was. The end result was a tie.
How do you know you've mistaken a bull for a cow? The taste of the milk.
"“I love working with animals” he says to his date. She replies, “wow I love a guy who is an animal lover! Where do you work?”He replies, “i am a butcher.”"
Why did Rihanna get back with Chris Brown? Because she didn't want to be a one hit wonder.
"Meghan may face some akward times with the Royal Family at the funeral of Prince Philip But luckily, black is generally accepted at funerals."
What do you call a chicken that is a ghost? a poultrygeistIll be taking my downvotes in advance thanks
The U.K. government have predicted that Scotland could become a “third world country” if they gain independence. I don’t know if things will improve to that extent but fingers crossed for them.
I am giving up drinking alcohol for the month of February. edit: I am giving up. Drinking alcohol for the month of February.
Just read an article saying my fav TV show killed off the main character. They buried the lead.
Tonight we’re having Himalayan rabbit stew for dinner We found himalayan in the road.
Why should you never mention the number 288? It's two gross.
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He's fully recovered.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
"You see my next-door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he's a Catholic converter."
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket."
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don't work.
A haircut is the biggest waste of money. I pay the same to get them all cut.
Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn't stop telling jokes? It was on a roll.
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. 
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. 
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?' 'It didn't have the guts.' 
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. 
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!' 
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock. 
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! 
Why haven’t aliens visited our Solar System yet? They looked at the reviews… only 1 star! 
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family. 
"I told him, 'I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.' "
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars. 
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line. 
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid. 
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. "
What do you call a belt made of watches?' 'A waist of time.' 
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!' 
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer. 
"Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed. "
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1 
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot! 
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli. 
"Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, 'When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.' 'Oh yeah?' the son retorts. 'Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.' "
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated. 
"Just look at that couple down the road,' a wife told her husband. 'He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?' 'Are you insane?' he responded. 'I barely know the woman!' "
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.' 
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.' 
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.' 
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned. 
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast. 
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. 
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.' 
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer. 
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades. 
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two… "
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word. "
"My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So i bought her a candle. "
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!' 
"How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store. "
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. 
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines. 
Why do plants hate math? It gives them square roots… 
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! 
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
"This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode."
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
"Me: “Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field.” Son: “So what?” Me: “It’s pasture bedtime.”"
"Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut."
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
"I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. “Which ear is it?” he asked. “2018,” I replied."
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
Where do fish keep their money? In a river bank.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Which knight of the round table was the beefiest? Sir loin.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
"I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
"Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation."
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
"A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school.
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”"
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
Accidentally burned dinner on the grill. Mis-steaks were made.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
Do you think glass coffins will be a success? Remains to be seen.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
"Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it."
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
"We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story."
"Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me."
"“What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.”"
"Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless."
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
"I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody."
"I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands."
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
"RIP boiling water, you will be mist."
"RIP, boiling water. You will be mist."
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
Did you hear about the girl who quit her job at the doughnut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
"When a toddler reaches the ""why?"" stage, it's like opening a bottle of champagne—once it's uncorked, there's no going back."
"I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, “Is it to scale?” I replied, “No… It’s to look at”"
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
"Luckily, after contracting COVID 19, Donald Trump got back to full health. It would be a huge tragedy for the whole world to lose him... ...before he did his time."
"Before this year started, none of us could have predicted all this: Kobe Bryant, Australian fires, Coronavirus quarantine, Tiger King, toilet paper hoarding. I guess none of us truly had 2020 vision after all."
"DmX meets Prince Phillip at the pearly gates DMX meets Prince Phillip at the Pearly Gates after DMX dies at 50 years old. Prince Phillip scoffs at him. ""50?!"".DMX says ""Nah man, you got me confused with that other rapper."""
What are the two possible things that can happen when a ghost writer dies? He becomes a ghost-ghost writerOr...Drake's career ends either of the two.
What do you call a canadian enchilada? A centimeter-alada
"If you miss the alarm for 4:20, wait for 4:22... Because 4:22 is 4:20 too."
"I have the head of a watermelon, the arms of two French baguettes, the chest of two pillows. What am I? Banned from the supermarket."
What did Santa say to his wife when she gave him a private dance? Make it reindeer!- Credit to my brother
What do you call it when the people of Westeros have an incurable disease? Game of Crohn's
"I went for a job as a contortionist... They asked, ""How flexible are you?""I said, ""Well! I can't do Thursdays."""
I find it hard to talk openly about the holes in my hands and feet Just feels likes there’s a lot of stigmata attached
"Monday Science I have finally figured out how to successfully clone a human…Needless to say, I am beside myself."
Why do writers always feel cold? Because they are surrounded by drafts!
"I call my wife Bambi, she thinks it's because she is cute with big brown eyes. But in reality I just hope someone shoots her mother with a hunting rifle."
A man is told the local bank offers mortgages with no interest The man enters the bank.Man: I’m here to find out about the mortgageEmployee: I don’t really care.
"I saw a gorgeous woman walk into a cosmetic surgeons office. I followed her in to ask her out, but I decided not to bother. Catching her picking her nose just put me right off."
"In my younger days, if I had to use the bathroom I could just hold it in. Nowadays, Depend's"
"I recently came up with a pirate-themed tabletop RPG, but then the makers of Dungeons and Dragons found out. They sent me a seas-and-d6 letter."
"I had a teacher in high school, Ms Turtle. She tortoise well."
What kind of plant do ghosts like to hide behind? BamBOO!
So a pickpocket went to a nudist beach... He hated it
No! It crashed again... Roses are red;Violets are blue\-----------------------ERROR: Invalid syntax on line 2
"A man walked into a hardware store and picked up a can of fly spray. ""Is this good for wasps?"" he asks the assistant.To which she replies ""No, it kills them."""
"What does Barack say to Michelle when they're getting adventurous with their House of Cards roleplay? ""Let me be Claire."""
"Fun fact! Irish soups only use 239 beans If they used one more, it would be two-fahrty..."
Apparently sharks can grow up to 30 feet. I thought they were called fins.
Two pigs are sitting in the sun One says: “I’m getting pretty hot!”The other says: “Yeah I’m bacon!”
Wendy’s has the Baconator and a smaller Baconator called Son of Baconator There is also a secret menu item called Stepson of Baconator where Wendy’s finds a burger and ignores it for 10 years while banging its mom.
There are two forms of English The queen's English and spelling mistakes
"With no sight of water in this vast desert we've been storing our urine in a bottle , but last night it was stolen... Now that's just taking the piss."
"I have green skin, a nose three times the size of the horn on my head, four brown teeth and my neck is covered in furry scales... what am I? Ugly."
Why did the buffalo farmer go to the pride parade? He had a bison.
Why can’t cross-dressers and Slavs stay on beat? They’re always Russian or Dragging
A real Picasso painting declared a forgery by a fake authenticator... ...is art officially artificial according to an artificial art official.
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning? He was a good conductor.
"If somebody offered me a coin flip to either get 10 million dollars or instantly die, I'd accept in a heartbeat. A 50 percent chance to solve all my problems would be amazing! And even if I lost the flip, I'd still get some money."
What's a writing utensil's favorite place to go on vacation? **Pencil-vania!**
Hey did I tell you I need to get stomach surgery? I'm kinda nervous because the surgeons name is Dr Hans R. Shakey
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party? Because he was a fungi.
I saw two coworkers at the Costco butcher station being unfriendly to each other. It seemed like there was some beef between them
"The last time I was down in Mexico, I saw something very peculiar; what I thought was a shrub covered in slices of pork... I went for a closer look and one of the locals stopped me.""Don't go down there, Señor..."" he tells me, ""... Eet might be a Hambush."""
What's the difference between a small child and a gorilla? People actually care if a gorilla dies.
What did the sliced loaf say to the uncliced loaf? OK bloomer.
So I ordered the Best of Pitbull CD off Amazon. All I got was a blank CD.
"Once a man a was shouting at Times square "" The president is an Idiot"" ""The president is an Idiot"" he yelled You can't defame the president, a cop arrested him""Hey I didn't say 'our' president, I was talking about China"" Cop replied ""Shut up we know exactly which president is an Idiot"""
What is the coolest disease to die from? Hypothermia
"How much TNT does it take to blow up a country? I don’t know, but the answer would probably blow your mind"
What are the 2 most Illegal drugs in Duckville Weed and Quack
Why was the pancake arrested? Unwaffle activities
"My wife said I had to stop listening to Meat Loaf. I'd do anything for love, but I won't do that."
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, ""I'm sorry, but you only have ten left."" The patient asks him, ""Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?"" The doctor calmly looks at him and says, ""Nine."""
"Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg."
What do you call a coupon-using vampire? Suckers for deals!
The only reason I went to Wimbledon was because I heard it was a women's singles event.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
How did the pirate get his ship so cheap? It was on sail..
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life. "
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology. 
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!' 
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.' 
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.' 
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. 
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?' 'Walking. JK! Rowling.'  
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it! "
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple! 
Why do astronauts use linux? because you can’t open windows in space. 
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.' 
How do you get a good price on a sled?' 'You have toboggan.' 
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know. 
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it. 
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. 
Steve Jobs would have made a better president than Donald Trump… But that’s comparing apples to oranges. 
"When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. "
"My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.' "
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. 
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. 
Why do vampires have no friends? They suck.  
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. 
Why did Karen press Ctrl+Shift+Delete? Because she wanted to see the task manager. 
What did the DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat? ' 
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens. 
"I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands. "
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell. 
What do you call Bill Gates when he’s flying? A Bill-in-air. 
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate. 
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable. 
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1. 
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball. 
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, 'This isn't working.' I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine! "
When does a joke become a “dad joke? ' When it becomes apparent. 
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field. 
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them. 
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross. 
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me. 
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue. 
"I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor. "
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzician. 
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.' 
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I’m going on ahead. 
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.' "
"In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. "
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. 
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake. 
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale. 
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.' 
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
My neighbor got sued for a fire his grill started. He filed for an appeal when he lost and it ended up in a pellet court.
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
"I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”"
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
"What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles."
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
"Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right."
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
"As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “You know one would have been enough.”"
"At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected."
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
"Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough."
"I asked the IT guy, ""How do you make a Motherboard?"" He said, ""I tell her about my job."""
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
"I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy."
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
"A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”"
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater."
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
"A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”"
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
"Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life."
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
"I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque."
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: 'sorry we don't serve food here'
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, “I’m getting a divorce,” she was the first one to like it."
"If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?"
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water."" I know he means well."
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
"After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it."
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
"What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!"
"They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important."
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop.
"I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head."
"A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50."
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
"It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents."
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
"I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it."
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
"My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please."
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
"I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old."
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Some crocodiles got together to write parody songs. It's a pun croc band.
"A bloke arrives at a nightclub door and the bouncers say he can't come in without a tie. He goes to the boot of his car and gets a pair of jump leads, wraps them around his neck and goes back to the doormen. ""Can I come in now,' he says to the bouncers. 'Yeah, but don't start anything''."
Im so sorry internet Whats the differance between being hungry and hornyDepends where the cucumber goes!!!
"Grandma: What's the German guy who's hiding my medicine called? Grandson: Alzheimer's, Grandma, alzhemier's."
"As i’ve grown older, I realised the number of people i’ve lost along the way have increased. Maybe a career as a tour guide wasn’t suited tor me."
"I just upgraded the office network after-hours and left home for the day. I haven't heard anything from the employees who started work this morning. I guess you could say I've created Schrödinger's network - until I go there I won't know whether everything's working, or if they're cut off from the outside world."
"Why is r/Jokes like a fencing match? ... because you usually win with a riposte!(This terrible pun is wholly original, so far as I know. Thus it will die in infamy without upvotes)"
Do you have brain cancer? Just stop having brain cancer! It's all in your head!
My neighbor failed the entrance exam for butcher's school. He didn't make the cut.
I had a package delivered And it was covered in drool and crayon.That's the last time I pay for a special delivery.
"I've never seen a cross dresser. But I've seen some very irritated credenzas,"
"A man walks into a library. ""Hey! How much for a hot dog?"" He asks the librarian.The librarian says, ""are you crazy? This is a library!""""Oh, sorry about that."" He answers.""^How ^much ^for ^a ^hot ^dog?"" ^He ^whispers."
My British friend was really proud of his heritage until he found out that his great grandfather was from Transylvania. Now he can’t even look at himself in the mirror.
"How do you buy unlimited kid's toys? Well first, you add a kid's item to your cart. And then another...And then another...Add infant item"
What's the difference between a saxophone and a chain saw? You can tune a chain saw.Alternate answer: vibrato.
I made a YouTube video about the violence I endured as a writer on board a U-boat Just hit subscribe.
A drum set and a snake falls off a cliff. The drummer and pet shop owner are very sad now.
"Why did the strict grammar teachers break up? He forgot to use a colon, she missed a period, they both hated contractions, and when they think of their future life, it's only a parent they see."
I tired googling about LGBTQ today just couldn't get a straight answer.
Why are atheists bad at exponents? Because they don’t believe in a higher power.
I thought chiropractors were a big hoax But I stand corrected.
What do a neckbeard and a cold beverage have in common? They get sweaty sitting at room temperature.
"After just 2 days..... ...... I have lost my new job as the marketing manager of Nestle.They gave me a £3 million advertising budget and told me to spend it wisely or lose my job.I pulled up in my Ferrari this morning and said, “I’ve decided to lose my job.”"
My Son’s Class Did a Play for the Boston Tea Party. His teacher told him he would be the tea that was thrown in the harbor.  She said he could pick to be any type of tea he’d like. He got so upset that he started running around the class throwing things. I guess he chose to be not tea.
Dentist always dumb questions like “when’s the last time you flossed?” Like bro you were there wtf
"Bob Ross said ""We don't make mistakes. We just have happy accidents."" So, either he lied and my parents made a mistake or I'm an accident."
"The cover on my ironing board was wrinkled so I laughed at the irony. Then I laughed again because of ""irony."""
My drug test came back negative. My dealer has some explaining to do.
How to catch a polar bear: Dig a big hole out in the ice and place little green peas all around it... And when the polar bear comes to take a pea you kick him in the ice hole.
"Breaking bad I was talking to someone about Breaking Bad and they asked me if I remembered who Hector Salamanca was, I told them that he rings a bell"
"Reddit should rename 'share' to 'spreddit', 'delete' to 'shreddit' and 'karma' to 'creddit'. Yet they haven't. I don't geddit.Eddit: Leddit be heard, thank you for the silver! As for your platinum and gold, spreddit, you won’t regreddit!"
Why is P0rnhubs number 1 user Darth Maul? (I’m gonna get banned for this) Because he’s really horny
"Grandson Talking to His Grandfather: ""Grandpa, after 65 years of marriage, you still call Grandma 'sweetheart', 'darling' and 'honey'. What's your secret to keeping the flame burning?""Grandpa: ""I forgot her name 5 years ago and I don't dare ask"""
My friend Stewie used to start a lot of fights That's why everyone called himBeef Stew
"I am a builder from Sioux Falls, and I was recently in Madrid at a local tavern, and couldn’t believe the amount of code violations in their building practices. This led me to accept that they are their own culture and.... Nobody inspects the Spanish inn condition."
"Pirates get some crazy deals in the mall. For example, they can get piercings for just a buccaneer."
What did the other bugs call the bug who wanted to be an astronaut? A LUNAtick
What do you call someone who refuses to drink anything other than alkaline water? A basic bitch.
"I realize the writer of the Iliad and the Odyssey was better than me every time I enter my house I am home, but he was Homer."
What do you call two nintendo fans doing incest? Super smash bros
Today I found a Youtube channel about moss They told me to lichen subscribe
"I hate those people who knock on your door and tell you you need to get ""saved"" or you'll ""burn"".. Stupid firemen."
Brain transplants will never be possible. Change my mind.
"I'm quite sad... since I turned 70, I barely can have an erection anymore. But I'm also happy : My wife seems, at last, to got rid of her never-ending headaches."
6.9 is my worst and least favorite number That is because it is 69 that was ruined by a period
What happened to the Professional Writer who had bowel surgery? He ended up with a semi-colon.
Why did the exotic perfume salesman continue going out during lockdown? He had no common scents
A wire just fell from the ceiling I was shocked when the electrician couldn’t fix it.
I understand why Jesus was crucified But the crown of thorns is a real head scratcher.
Did you know Ronnie Pickering invented the giraffe? He got into an argument with a horse and uppercutted it
"Today, my wife apologised to me for the first time ever...She said, she's sorry she ever married me."
I wasn't expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
"My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, ""I'm getting a divorce,"" she was the first one to like it."
Why did Hitler wear eye glasses? Because without them he could Nazi.
Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn't work.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn't have any idea either.
Last night my wife and I watched two DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
What do skeletons order at a restaurant? Spare ribs.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
"A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, 'You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.' 'Now settle down,' the doctor calmly told him. 'You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.' "
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut! 
"It hurts me to say this, but … I have a sore throat. "
"Lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. "
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. 
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. 
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...' 
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes. 
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base. 
What did the Japanese cannibal eat for dinner? Raw men 
What did Adam say to his GF on the 24th of December? It’s Christmas Eve. 
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. 
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa. 
Q: How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? A: Eclipse it 
What did the big flower say to the tiny flower? “Hey there bud!' 
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. 
What do you say to your sister when she’s crying? Are you having a Crisis? 
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands. 
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Wherever you left it. 
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?' 'A meltdown.' 
"When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. "
How do you make the number one disappear? You add “g' and it’s GONE 
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either. 
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell. 
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off. 
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. 
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck. 
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending. 
I saw a 1000 year old oil stain… It was from ancient Greece. 
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology. 
"A guy walks into a bar and there’s a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, “What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before? ' The guy says, “It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place. ' "
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1. 
"What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk! "
"This morning, Siri said, 'Don’t call me Shirley.' I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode. "
What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed. 
"“Knock, knock. ' “Who’s there? ' “Nobel. ' “Nobel who? ' “No­bel, so I knock knocked. ' "
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective. "
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. 
"Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas. "
What's brown and sticky? A stick. 
I was addicted to hokey pokey…but I turned myself around. 
What group of people never get angry? Nomads. 
"Q: If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? A: Missile toe. "
"In a freak accident today, a photographer was killed when a huge lump of cheddar landed on him. To be fair, the people who were being photographed did try to warn him. "
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.' 
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator. 
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off. 
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot. 
Where do fruits go on vacation?' 'Pear-is!' 
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. 
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs.
"Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels."
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
"A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, ""It's a moving violation."""
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
"Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea."
"Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”"
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
"My son screeched, ""Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?"" What a strange way to start a conversation with me..."
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
"My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, ""That makes two of us."""
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective."
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
"I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it."
"Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire."
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
"Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water."
MIlk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasterized before you even see it!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
Did you hear about the guy that evaporated? He'll be mist.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
"When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton."
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
"In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective."
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
"This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode."
"Two hats were hanging on a hat rack. One said 'You stay here, i'll go on a head'."
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card.
"My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed."
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction."
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
“I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.”
"I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it."
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
"A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright."
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
"Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes."
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
"I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later."
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
She said I won’t be able to make it.
"“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”"
My neighbor got sued for a fire his grill started. He filed for an appeal when he lost and it ended up in a pellet court.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
It was an emotional wedding — even the cake was in tiers.
"I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there."
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
